
"See?" said Harry, when Hermione and Ron had finished. "The dog must be


Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.
There weren't many people left now. "Moon" "Nott" "Parkinson" then a
him. Hermione decided on the truth.
minutes. As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land
"Um -- Hagrid?"

arms around him.
Then she changed her desk into a pig and back again. They were all very


Mr. Ollivander fixed Hermione with his pale stare.

or worse, expelled. Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to bed."

"Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me," said Hagrid, clapping a hand to
to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor
They marched off across the dark grounds. Neville kept sniffing. Hermione

dark and silence. He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and Filch
smiling. "We only wondered who had done the guarding, really." Harry

enraged to see that a couple of them weren't young at all; why, that man
"Always the innocent are the first victims," he said. "So it has been

the door ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.

dog, but I don't think she believes me -I shouldn't have hit him at the
It sneezed. A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.
There was a pause. Then --
It was Quidditch Through the Ages. Hermione showed him.
Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to
Hermione did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his
good reason, because Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of
children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.
watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because
the same, those people in cloaks...
Muggle world except in very special circumstances," said Hagrid. "An'
to this: 'Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark
the upper floors.
snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were

the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.
things -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Hermione -- be careful!"
"But what happened to Vol--, sorry -- I mean, You-Know-Who?"
had started drawing up study schedules and colorcoding all her notes.

clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn't alone. Quirrell was there, too.
"I've found him!" he whispered. "I've found Flamel! I told you I'd read
vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a

tend to -- what was that?"


"Well, that's something," Hermione muttered to the others. "Hagrid, can we
"Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?" said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced
jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room. On the
"It was not a mistake," said Hermione angrily, "it had my cupboard on it."
most ragged blanket.
colder and colder as they hurtled round tight corners. They went
"You what?" Hagrid looked shocked. "Listen here -- I've told yeh -- drop
boats as people climbed out of them.
year, Hermione was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two

"Now, don't forget that nice wrist movement we've been practicing!"
Room 17

"Look," said Hermione, throwing caution to the winds, "Professor -- it's
first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappeared. Said
At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages. Hermione
learn.... I bet," he added, voicing for the first time something that



Harry was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along
wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below

scared of Hermione he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia
things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous
spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the



inspector's stand between platforms nine and ten.
Hermione thought. Then he said slowly, "It shows us what we want...
tackling a mountain troll on your own?"
CHAPTER SIX
cheeks.

"OUT!" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Hermione and Dudley by the

the first noise of the day.
"Tricky customer, eh? Not to worry, we'll find the perfect match here

of the compartment.
She sat down. Ron looked taken aback.

The Dursleys often spoke about Hermione like this, as though he wasn't
some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and
that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact
A sudden yelp told her she had done her job. Scooping the fire off him
But he had finally gone too far. Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled

with bulging, lamp like eyes just like Filch's. She patrolled the
else. Lots of people had come from Muggle families and, like him, hadn't
a closer look at the egg. "It must've cost you a fortune."


A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His face was almost
But he hadn't walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though

Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a
"You can't --"
The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense
It winked.

looks, because of Hedwig. He'd have to ask someone.

reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.
opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door.


Fred seized.

"I'm half-and-half," said Seamus. "Me dad's a Muggle. Mom didn't tell


entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Harry out
hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top
The Sorting Hat can't see,


"Ready, are you?"
"Asked him. Saw his scar. It's really there - like lightning."

The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and
a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and

course, his birthdays were never exactly fun -- last year, the Dursleys
opened it excitedly and showed them a glass ball the size of a large
ghosts shone misty silver. Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Hermione
himself. "What does this mirror do? How does it work? Help me, Master!"
could usually count on Dudley to know the days the week, because of
"Don't tell me what I can and can't do, Potter. Now get back to bed, all
"I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying --"
guarding Flamel's Sorcerer's Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it
it came to him. The Restricted Section in the library. He'd be able to
"But there are hundreds of them!"
Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head. It was Malfoy.
"What?" said Hermione.
Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the
"Fine," said Neville, showing them. "Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a
open.
Hermione left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor. He
they all swooped down at once... well, there's no other choice... I'll

did he, just near enough to hear what they were saying.
marked by something so good."
the page.
hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying

knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren't

Harry looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.
difficult to see. It's the Seeker's job to catch it. You've got to weave
lips.


became clear to me that the place I should be was the one I had just
"First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to
what he was looking for, none of them knew. He drove them into the
Silvery stuff? That's unicorn blood. There's a unicorn in there bin hurt

Petunia frantically -- and a moment later, Dudley's best friend, Piers

morning. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was sure it was the

It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Hermione that Dumbledore


He glared at them all as if to say, "Or else."
Hermione looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively
Hermione explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley.
Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Hermione couldn't help

"Hello," said the boy, "Hogwarts, too?"

for. Would you care for a lemon drop?"
a bezoar?"

"No, no, no. I tried to kill you. Your friend Miss Granger accidentally

"Nothing, that's why it's such big news. They haven't been caught. My
yourself our mother? CarA you tell I'm George?"

"That's Hagrid," said Hermione, pleased to know something the boy didn't.

Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Hermione
"Merry Christmas!"
"Mrs. Norris?" breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.
wouldn't you.
"Oy, Fred! C'mere and help!"

along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice
"Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly. "That's top secret,
agreed, though the thought didn't cheer him up at all.
goblins were showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Hermione made
winning. Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! The Bloody

"It -- well -- it shows me my family --"
"UPF everyone shouted.
outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your
was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye). Ron,
think this was the moment for lemon drops. "As I say, even if
They hadn't realized how loudly they had been talking.
It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead. Hermione had never seen
Dudley and Piers sniggered.
"Like this," he said irritably. He seized his left ear and pulled. His
Sorcerer's Stone? Hermione didn't see how he could -- yet he sometimes had
so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.
"Don't leave me!" said Neville, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to
"All -- all three of us?"
along corridors with Hermione trotting miserably behind her. Maybe she was

"What about you, Neville?" said Ron.
decide which to ask first. After a few minutes he stammered, "What does
Things didn't improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson
Hermione looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldn't afford

that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.

points you'll lose Gryffindor if you're caught, and you're bound to be.


He could see the High Table properly now. At the end nearest him sat
Hermione looked in the bowl again.
me. I've got him, sir."
"Don't talk rubbish," said Uncle Vernon. "There is no platform nine and
"What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?"

just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"
An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like
The brick he had touched quivered -- it wriggled -- in the middle, a
"Stop saying the name!" said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he



the common room, Hermione had just said, "At least Harry's on Snape's
"I think," said Ron, "we're going to have to be chessmen."

beech tree.
will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o'clock for your



time, like, but I don' believe it. People who was on his side came back
themselves -- they were a hundred points up. "Third -- to Mr. Hermione
sapphires. He looked carefully at Hermione, his eyes lingering on the scar

Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one, the ghosts floated away
"Oh, shut up," said Percy the Prefect.
was trembling. Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up stories chased each
nothing in them at all. Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have


glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.
front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out
"Stick out your right hand over your broom," called Madam Hooch at the

"It's an invisibility cloak," said Ron, a look of awe on his face. "I'm
that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense."
Christmas."
broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when he reminded himself it would be
vast marble hall. About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high
glistening brown coils.

"Yeah -- he's mine -- bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub
want --"

"RAVENCLAW!"
taking him to Dumbledore. He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to
heads.
Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching
Hermione watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it -- but just as
Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it

got yeh this..."
one step forward and she'll take me -- that leaves you free to checkmate
Gringotts. Wizards' bank. Have a sausage, they're not bad cold -- an' I
Wood cleared his throat for silence.

ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.
"I tell you, we're going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,"
streets away. Hermione hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage
"You are not."
Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its
It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most
didn't soothe Ron at all. On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke
humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything
"I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Filch says you were
starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that
Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned right
second, Hermione had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the
"You'd like one?"
suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday? And then
Hermione glanced down at his broom. It was old and some of the twigs stuck
"Gulpin' gargoyles, Hermione, people are still scared. Blimey, this is
around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed

to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.

They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.

Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Hermione, and
power somehow broke -- and that's why he's gone.
zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and uncle hadn't been able
Hermione had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him

watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go
went in for breakfast. It seemed to be coming from a large metal tub in

Hedwig.
A lamp flickered on. It was Harry Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe
to taunting Hermione about having no proper family.
"Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow," she said finally. I don't
as though he'd been making another bid for freedom.


had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.
school at night, especially these days, it's very dangerous -- and fifty

whether to laugh or not.
"No," said Hermione.

Yours sincerely,

at once. He didn't feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be
Fungi, didn't look up until he heard Ron say, "Hagrid! What are you
safe for him, because they're friends and he knew someone was after it,

CHAPTER EIGHT
"Welcome," he said. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin
of it, he wasn't even sure his nephew was called Hermione. He'd never even
watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight.
threw a metal pipe at it. The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe
to fight Malfay, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble
"All right." Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dog's

The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the
indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be allowed. He sat down next to Hermione,
planned this. Hermione knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had
birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school
"He's not going," he said.

"CAR CRASH!" roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys
Mr. Potter, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very
at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly
through the door. "Who's writing to me?"
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
should be destined for this wand when its brother why, its brother gave
to do? He hadn't expected something like this the moment they arrived.
And there's Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Hermione thought, his heart

he? So useful to have him swooping around like an overgrown bat. Next to
for nothing could upset me today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at

over his head, knocking his glasses askew.
it had given him a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a
happened when he, Hermione, had been upset or angry... chased by Dudley's
straight back down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistle -- three



"Help yourself," said Hermione. "But in, you know, the Muggle world, people
Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at
Hermione turned around -- and saw, quite clearly, what. For a moment, he
goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team," Hermione
"Five," said Ron. For some reason, he was looking gloomy. "I'm the sixth
anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard
that would have been the one for him.
usual when, as much to Hermione's surprise as anyone else's, there he was
couldn't go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door,
impressed and couldn't wait to get started, but soon realized they

corner. Houses flashed past the window. Hermione felt a great leap of




wants to keep it a secret."

"Slytherin in possession," Lee Jordan was saying, "Chaser Pucey ducks

to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.

heard voices. He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering

"Yes, sir. Well, Voldemort's going to try other ways of coming back,

"Fred, you next," the plump woman said.
the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.

get annoyed, as though Hermione was being stupid on purpose. Getting
They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering -- glittering?

window in the downstairs bathroom.
you have come round, they have been extremely worried."
low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. The lighted dial of

"Jordan!" growled Professor McGonagall.
nose. Hermione could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.
written them a letter."
Didn't dare try takin' the school, not jus' then, anyway.
Where's Mommy?"
swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all scrambled
There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Hermione

though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out
cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk. I just hope
collect them, don't you?"

on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees
along the table. These fantastic party favors were nothing like the


At this, Harry stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon
Norbert."

Hermione jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off. Gliding

drinking Elixir of Life. My brain surprises even me sometimes.... Now,
A lot of the greatest wizards haven't got an ounce of logic, they'd be
walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who
"Good question, Hermione. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night he tried ter
Dursleys, then handed him an envelope.
equipment, I suppose? I've g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampires,
"Yes," said Hermione, "but I can't remember it."
who says the centaurs are right? It sounds like fortune-telling to me,


big, squashy something had been his uncle's face. Uncle Vernon had been

Of finding more than treasure there.
longest-ever punishment. By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard
Ron stared as Hermione brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped
course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the
daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Neville."
Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, looking disapproving. He
nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was
as there wasn't much room. Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents.




yelled Uncle Vernon.
It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?
you'd better dodge it, because I can't remember how to block them."
pain -- his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough
"What's this?" he asked Aunt Petunia. Her lips tightened as they always
"It's on my ticket."
of his cupboard and they seemed to know he hadn't received his first
THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR

Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew
England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down."


the feast in their houses."
When they shook their heads, he wailed, "I've lost him! He keeps getting
Wood? thought Hermione, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on
and she didn't seem quite as fond of them as before. She let Hermione watch
tallest tower.
nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Hermione felt a hand on his

gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on the train. Dumbledore's silver hair
and the next second, Hermione felt Quirrell's hand close on his wrist. At
himself.
"He's the gamekeeper," said Hermione. He was liking the boy less and less

Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.
"Ministry o' Magic messin' things up as usual," Hagrid muttered, turning


room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa. She and Uncle

"Anyway -- Hermione," said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, "a



the castle. He was going to be expelled, he just knew it. He wanted to
cloak, I won't need it now."
HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY
sausages.
"Yeh've done wrong an' now yehve got ter pay fer it."
forget-me-not blue, and there was a feeling in the air of summer coming.
Then she suddenly smiled.
"Oh, Neville," he heard the old woman sigh.
"I just wondered if I could have my book back."
Uncle Vernon chuckled. "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like
"Go to Dumbledore. That's what we should have done ages ago. If we try
Hermione flushed. They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.
Scabbers. "No -- I don't believe it -- he's gone back to sleep-"
Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he
"It's Monday," he told his mother. "The Great Humberto's on tonight. I
"Hagrid!" said Hermione, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and
-- with bright blue wings -- the feathers are all crumpled on one side."
"Years an' years ago," said Hagrid.
"I'm glad we didn't have to fight that one," Hermione whispered as they

Hagrid grinned at Hermione.
"C'mon, follow me -- any more firs' years? Mind yer step, now! Firs'
The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside. It waggled its
once.

was captain of Quidditch. Now Percy's a prefect. Fred and George mess
you was all living, on Halloween ten years ago. You was just a year old.

hem of Snape's robes.
"JORDAN!"

He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Hermione didn't know
to, with such a biased referee?
say something to defend himself, but there seemed to be something wrong
"Let's try again. Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me
"Well -- no," Ron admitted.

"Do you not see that unicorn?" Firenze bellowed at Bane. "Do you not

seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig.
Professor McGonagall.
Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the
wandering around. So what if they can't see you? What if they walk into
the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to

"Is he always that nervous?"
Petunia was how he had gotten it.
makin'. Right, we're changin' groups -- Neville, you stay with me an'
He put Hermione's wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper,
"What are you talking about, Dean?" said Ron.
"What am I studying for? Are you crazy? You realize we need to pass
Hagrid dropped the teapot.
you two say is going to stop me! Voldemort killed my parents, remember?"


Where you ought to be.
I see you are not to be distracted. Very well, the Stone. Professor
He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing. It was
person ter tell yeh -- but someone 3 s gotta -- yeh can't go off ter



great time at Hogwarts -- I did -- still do, 'smatter of fact."
"The big one," said Fred Weasley.


"All right," Hermione mumbled, "I'm getting up."
getting dark. He could see mountains and forests under a deep purple
After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake,

2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear
his body, but couldn't feel them -- for a moment he could see nothing
Hermione didn't know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to

Harry let out a great sigh and Hermione, amazed, saw that she was
that Hermione really wanted, even if It made him sick. Hermione piled his
I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have
Hermione, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who

expelled from! He'll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark
passageway out of the school."
to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door. He tried to lift it
keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...
across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor -
Hermione stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape came around the corner
class silent without effort. "As there is little foolish wand-waving
"No, Hermione, he has not. He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking

green icing.

"Nearly Headless? How can you be nearly headless?"
They weren't in a room, as he had supposed. They were in a corridor. The
"Scabbers has been fighting, not us," said Ron, scowling at her. "Would
again."
"I'm not going to do anything," said Hermione, "honestly..
A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather

the floor. Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat. Hermione
"Good-bye," said Ron.
"I have burned it."
adventure. You know, the Stone was really not such a wonderful thing. As
word... "

shook him awake. In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide-eyed as
alive; that leaves Quirrell's spell, and Snape's."
Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Hermione was turning over the bacon.
Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frogs. Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice
with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!"


spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been
Hermione looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank you, but the words
were able to pull free.
all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.
"That's your problem," said Ron. "We've got to go, we 3 re going to be

folded neatly underneath them. There was a note pinned to it:
-the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall


Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later. The babble died away.
"Of course there are," said Ron. "Common Welsh Green and Hebridean
as though he hadn't been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors
a lot more interest than he'd shown back in Diagon Alley.

"It's nearly out." He ushered them inside.
Hermione walked round and round his new room. Someone knew he had moved out

"If either of you get us caught, I'll never rest until I've learned that
"How do you know --?" she spluttered.

Charlie's got off wild ones in Romania."
Griphook unlocked the door. A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and

the house cup. Everywhere Hermione went, people pointed and didn't trouble
shouted that Hermione needed a haircut. Hermione must have had more haircuts

Hagrid helped Hermione pile some of it into a bag.
He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his




hand on Hermione's shoulder and making Hermione's knees buckle.
do it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead? That was no
And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of
could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was? Oh, she got a
"Oy, pea-brain!" yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he

Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch
"Devil's Snare, Devil's Snare... what did Professor Sprout say? -- it

Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty. Hermione
witches an' wizards up an' down the country."

"A what?"
handle."
Hermione looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost


leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with

same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of


"I'm going to see what section he was in," said Ron, who'd had enough of
"Would you mind moving out of the way?" came Malfoys cold drawl from
"Trevor!" cried Neville blissfully, holding out his hands. Then they
Hermione sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday he'd have given
"Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not


Hermione dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail. Three things

"Told yeh, didn't I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell
Then a pain like he'd never felt before pierced his head; it was as
here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't expect you


was almost hidden beneath all Dudley's birthday presents. It looked as
Hermione didn't know what to say. Everyone was looking at him. The old

bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door
when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let
life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.


"Not the Stone, boy, you -- the effort involved nearly killed you. For
"Horrible -well, not all of them. My aunt and uncle and cousin are,
Flying lessons would be starting on Thursday -- and Gryffindor and
Hermione went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter. He handed
great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you
overhead said Hogwarts Express, eleven O'clock. Hermione looked behind him
It was very difficult. Hermione and Seamus swished and flicked, but the
a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes. Madam
study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer's Stone, a
happened when Vol-, sorry -- I mean, the night my parents died."
Hermione, charging at the figure.
"Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner."
"Let me see it!" demanded Dudley.
and climbed through the portrait hole.
He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed to fill the whole hut.

Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His last, comforting
Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the
"He'll turn up," said Hermione.
snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.
"Shouldn'ta lost me temper," he said ruefully, "but it didn't work

mother had just taken out her handkerchief.


Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. The vault

Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy

--"

his stomach rumbling with hunger. Dudley's snores were drowned by the

Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her
secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost
HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY
forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a

have got back his courage. He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were
"I suppose we could take him to the zoo," said Aunt Petunia slowly, "...

move a muscle. Petrified, he watched as Quirrell reached up and began to

"Well, what are you all waiting for?" she barked. "Everyone stand by a
With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the
elephant skin, probably.
of you. I've never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students."

Hermione threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.

Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over

"See?" said Hagrid. "Hermione Potter, not a wizard -- you wait, you'll be
sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with

Hermione borrowed Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the


for some food.
only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over
Just in case.
Severus..."
But he wished he hadn't said anything. If there was one thing the
BROOMSTICKS

Hermione as Seeker next. Then he'd realized that nobody found this funny,
Hermione woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again.
Hermione looked into the fire. Now he came to think about it... every odd

"Never -- in all my time at Hogwarts --"
that seemed the sort of thing -- noticing that everyone in the hall was
"How did you know --?"

blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a

When they told him about Charlie's letter, his eyes filled with tears,
Mr. Ollivander moved closer to Hermione. Hermione wished he would blink. Those

CHAPTER FIVE

Ron's Charms homework for them. She would never let them copy ("How will

"It's not just my hand," he whispered, "although that feels like it's
into the shadows. "It' s them as should be sorry! I knew yeh weren't
Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked back at the

She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion.
where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things



The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.
first."

Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Snape. He crossed the
afternoon. On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast,

turn it. He couldn't direct it at all. It was zigzagging through the
high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase facing them led to

grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.
either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the house championship was

No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.

mind.
Dudley were still in the room. Dudley wasn't used to being ignored. He

"This ball's called the Quaffle," said Wood. "The Chasers throw the
"I'd give anything for one of these," he said. "Anything. What's the
any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life, which
backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.
"You can come tonight, I'm going back, I want to show you the mirror.
sickening sight.
don't suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put me in
Harry had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and

began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a

The anger faded from Hagrid's face. He looked suddenly anxious.
"What did you say?" his aunt snapped through the door.

in years. We're going to win. I know it."
he is a bit mad, yes. Potatoes, Hermione?"
The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up.
Hermione stood up.
getting nearer. Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke
"He's coming now."
"I've heard of his family," said Ron darkly. "They were some of the
"Sorry," said Hermione, "but what's curious?"

have a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had
--"
they can't deliver them they'll just give up."
Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls
lips."
He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at Ron
"You let the troll in?"



sight gave him the creeps.

family thought I was all- Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept
"Typical," said Hermione darkly. "Just what I always wanted. To make a fool

must've been through hundreds of books already and we can't find him
Even Hermione, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it
remember to jump. Then there were doors that wouldn't open unless you
slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron? I hate them
there, lost for words. Dumbledore hummed a little and smiled at the
"Don't mess with me, Peeves, now where did they go?"
Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening

"You drink that," said Hermione. "No, listen, get back and get Ron. Grab

face-to-face. He couldn't miss it.

bill, and -- a letter for Hermione.

Harry gasped. Hermione and Ron wheeled round.
forbidden.
Hermione scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon


"Idiot boy!" snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one
around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood
and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it.
hands together. "And this gentleman's kindly agreed to lend us his
countryside on his broomstick. Even Ron would tell anyone who'd listen
They hadn't even reached the end of the corridor when Harry caught up
piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy. It was a
ball of the lot. It's very hard to catch because it's so fast and
arm.


Charlie's answer!"
"Don't make me feel worse," said Hermione. He told Hagrid about the pate
The twins were back.


six hundred and sixty-five, is he?"
allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an' get yer letters to yeh an' stuff


The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the
The Cupboard under the Stairs
filthy windows. Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second
Hermione would have screamed, but he couldn't make a sound. Where there

"They're not birds!" Hermione said suddenly. "They're keys! Winged keys --
fading footsteps.

would? He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't belong to the

"Stop!" he commanded. "Stop right there, sit! I forbid you to tell the
ago now, started lookin' fer followers. Got 'em, too -- some were





on his newspapers, "no damn letters today --"

ground.
mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --

there. It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Hermione felt
He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking
him.
"Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am."
wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket


he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in.

from Hermione's headmistress telling them Hermione had been climbing school

Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon



thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. Potter, I thought Gryffindor


as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach."
"If yeh know where to go," said Hagrid.
"Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said Dumbledore. "However, recent

unable to keep the fear out of his voice.
"These birds... they can't be here just for decoration," said Harry.
"Shoo!" said Mr. Dursley loudly. The cat didn't move. It just gave him a
difficult. See, there was this wizard who went... bad. As bad as you

then, at last -- "Potter, Hermione!"
A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously. One of his eyes
walked.
close by. They were whispering excitedly together. Mr. Dursley was
Charlie's old wand, and Percy's old rat."

cork shot out of a bottle -- twelve feet -- twenty feet. Hermione saw his
wondering if you could tell us what's guarding the Sorcerer's Stone

afford an owl. After all, he'd never had any money in his life until a
"We've had Sprout's, that was the Devil's Snare; Flitwick must've put

The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws
Hermione knew, somehow, what to do. He leaned forward and grasped the broom
"You can see them any old time," said Ron. "Just come round my house
nodded. He pulled the door open.
and climbed through the hole.
up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him. Binns droned on

marble, was surprised. They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with
With some interesting stuff,
"Well, it's best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh -- mind, I can't
Ron grunted in his sleep. Should Hermione wake him? Something held him back
hotel came over to their table.



silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and


Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of
through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled
finished."
"I know some things," he said. "I can, you know, do math and stuff." But
with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.
"Who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?" he asked Percy.
Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of
that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom. It only took Hermione one trip

Potter. And what model is it?"
"That's why yer late, is it?" said Hagrid, frowning at Filch. "Bin



as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild - long
"Blimey," said the other twin. "Are you
properly. Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, Nearly




happen. The wand chooses the wizard, remember.... I think we must expect
Mrs. Weasley smiled down at them.
"Whatever house I'm in, I hope she's not in it," said Ron. He threw his


"Most of us reckon he's still out there somewhere but lost his powers.
Dudley's birthday -- how could he have forgotten? Hermione got slowly out
Hermione leaned back quickly so they couldn't see him looking.



"Yeah, you'll be needin' one," said Hagrid, "but we gotta get yer money


in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her
"Foul!" screamed the Gryffindors.
His name's been down ever since he was born. He's off ter the finest
before his eyes.
Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except

stiff as a board.

that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint,


You will always find some on nettle wine's left side;
pillow for what seemed like hours. Hermione couldn't think of anything to

into their boat by Neville and Harry. "Everyone in?" shouted Hagrid,
"Don't, Ginny, we'll send you loads of owls."
line, and she'd whisk off for Filch, who'd appear, wheezing, two seconds
returned to you. Use it well.
morning break. When the bell sounded from the castle at the end of their
The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Hermione read on:
only just got out of the way in time; Hermione made a sharp about-face and

furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the
thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much
"I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. Every single wand. It
gettin' yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldn't even know abou'

came in.
On the other hand, he'd gotten into terrible trouble for being found on

"Tut, tut -- fame clearly isn't everything."
to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?"


"GRYFFINDOR!" shouted the hat. Ron groaned.
the team a bit of bad news. He'd just gotten very angry with the
though. Wish I'd had three wizard brothers."
Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. "Listen, Hermione, would yeh mind if I
All at once there was a scraping noise and the egg split open. The baby

its head until its eyes were on a level with Hermione's.

When Hermione pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak

elastic band. No one, ever, in his whole life, had written to him. Who
Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.
match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.
And learn until our brains all rot.
the other two squinted up at the flock of keys. "... yes -- look!
broom was behaving strangely. It was carrying- him slowly higher, away

and Harry took.
they normally pretended she didn't have a sister.
from Quirrell himself
"We must have crossed in midair. No sooner had I reached London than it

"Thanks," said Hermione, "I'll need something to look forward to." People
room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door
just in time? Where was it now? And did Hagrid know something about




McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and

nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp
Scared of the students, scared of his own subject now, where's me
"You said You-Know-Who's name!" said Ron, sounding both shocked and
sat down on the bed and stared around him. Nearly everything in here was



here. We may as well go and join the celebrations."
Hermione, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.
uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask
its moons.
bed. The clock on the wall had just

wings.
with his voice. Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without even

into a sweat.
His aunt was back outside the door.
"You!" gasped Hermione.
the food'll be good."
"Yeah -- but we'll go back in this. Not s'pposed ter use magic now I've





across the room. He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at
Hermione.
would the Dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep?


NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK
was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from it.
through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was
and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding,
painfully on his foot.
room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had


his nose with a sound like a foghorn.
"Do they? What, they don't move at all?" Ron sounded amazed. "weird!"

They stared at him.
Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of

"It's not funny. And look after Ron."

as if he'd never speak again.
off... Well, I suppose Bane'll be happy."
wide open. Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a
and packages onto their laps.

of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and

"Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father
head back at the Dursleys' dark living-room window. "I heard it. Flocks
award Gryffindor house fifty points."

eyes were black like Hagrid's, but they had none of Hagrid's warmth.
Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards. When I open
Hermione stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope,


"You're too nosy to live, Potter. Scurrying around the school on


There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide
yes, that would be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr.

"But yeh must know about yet mom and dad," he said. "I mean, they're
very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he'd stretch his legs


sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said

"But I expect you've realized by now what it does?"
"And come back and find the house in ruins?" she snarled.
wanted to use it alone.
rather ruffled-looking owl -- a long quill, and a roll of parchment.
A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too





"Just the one. Gringotts. Run by goblins."
noticing where Hermione was looking. "And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."
than that. Now, the last member of the team is the
didn't look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone
"Quirrell said Snape --"
with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.
"One speed only," said Griphook.
present."
likes the dark and the damp
fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.
"I-I don't know what you
the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward.
fine thing it would be if, on the very day YouKnow-Who seems to have
across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. Hermione
bezoar was. He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were
"Rubeus! Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see you again.... Oak, sixteen
first training session.
"I mean, after that open and revolting foul

Whether we be old and bald
Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the
you follow my orders! Stay close behind me, now. Make way, first years

I never know," Hermione called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart,
Hermione picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant
People stared more than ever on the train. Hagrid took up two seats and
odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on
window and peered down into the front garden. The cat was still there.
Professor McGonagall's nostrils flared.
they for?" He pointed at the three balls left inside the box.
didn't know what time it was and he couldn't be sure the Dursleys were
Hermione grabbed his broom.

the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. Hagrid was the only
bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.
-- think you've got all that?"
"Anyone sitting there?" he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Hermione.
later the desserts appeared. Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you
the paint flashed different colors.
something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches -- the next
corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said,
own story when every kid in our world knows his name!" "But why? What
found out even if you hadn't told him."
bit politer you'll go the same way as your parents. They didn't know


ideas.
But they didn't.

watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed
very happy birthday to yeh. Got summat fer yeh here -- I mighta sat on
keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the room. Hermione took
to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.

ter sleep --"
He showed Hermione two identical balls, jet black and slightly smaller than
boys through another. At the top of a spiral staircase -- they were
But from that moment on, Harry Granger became their friend. There are

heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over
Harry had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Hermione
"Mm?" said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.
Snape said, "And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your
have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name:
rare, them."
"Platform what?"
"I'll get him," said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, "one of
For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A few old women were

Hermione had never been to London before. Although Hagrid seemed to know
they complained how much Hermione cost them to keep? And all the time there
"Shut up!" Hermione whispered.
flaming torches. It sloped steeply downward and there were little

minutes' time. Hagrid, who didn't understand "Muggle money," as he
Hermione screwed up his courage.
already wearing her new Hogwarts robes.
the king, Hermione!"

It was a tiny, grubby-looking pub. If Hagrid hadn't pointed it out,
"Everyone thinks I'm special," he said at last. "All those people in the
badly by summat. This is the second time in a week. I found one dead
counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.
Hermione and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch "that old git."
she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. The tall, thin,
wouldn't have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself -- no

said. "I'm -- er -- not supposed ter do magic, strictly speakin'. I was
moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up
people would trip.
Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn't school,
There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didn't meet Hermione's eyes
in his excitement. "You bowed to me once in a shop."
stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.
A few people laughed; Hermione caught Seamus's eye, and Seamus winked.
The other Slytherins joined in.


They looked at one another.

dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.
had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too,


to Hannah.
used on Snape at the plant. In a matter of seconds, the two boys felt it

"Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Hermione.
Hermione unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up the card. It showed a
"You'll understand later, Neville," said Ron as they stepped over him
brass scales

turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose
who sent it to me?"
thin package and didn't answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what he'd
"Right. It's time. Good luck, all of you."
wouldn' say no teh a bit o' yer birthday cake, neither."
only way forward.
wounded dog.

"Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Weasley, and

finding his way to classes.
"Take him up to the hospital wing," Snape spat at Seamus. Then he
and if they came much nearer they'd knock right into him -- the cloak
much mistaken if you'll all come out in one piece."
though he'd rather not think about it. "N-not that you n-need it, eh,
He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the

complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to
"Very good," said Wood.
violet cloak. He didn't seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the
-- come on, now, Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dives -- misses --
bun. She looked distinctly ruffled.

around the corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the
"Hang on, I think I remember him saying something about it," said the
past his head, that it happened. His broom gave a sudden, frightening
Ron's eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be

letter just like that and disappeared off to that-that school-and came

Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines
into rats. I was the only one who saw her for what she was -- a freak!
panicked and sent up the sparks.

It was a sort of snuffling.
Deputy Headmistress
Gryffindor tower.

idea, when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin' hold of
school? But he didn't know any magic yet -- what on earth would he have
you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George reckons he had a booger-
a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots.


Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not
Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.
Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature

But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire,
boy anything!"
way along the rows of books. The lamp looked as if it was floating along
"Yeah," said Ron. He flopped back into his seat, looking depressed.

walking all over people, but that's no reason to lie down in front of
Hermione moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. He
barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy
spreading over his face. "They don't know we're not allowed to use magic

Hermione thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus



"Er -- I don't know any," Hermione confessed.
change on the train. He checked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure

they'd stolen his prefect badge.
with the topmost branches of an oak he called, "Come and get it,
Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.
high out of his reach. Aunt Petunia took it curiously and read the first

"What?"
Uncle Vernon seized Hermione around the waist and threw him into the hall.
Oh, Albus..."
Hermione heard the little girl's voice.
same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.

from under his pillow. "Got this outta the library -- Dragon Breeding
careful -- let's go."
just said, 'Hermione's gone after him, hasn't he?' and hurtled off to the
ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch's
always the ones who get clobbered by the other team."
the mood. In fact, it was fast asleep.
A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered.
followed.
chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what

Dumbledore's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley
You've got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn't blinking at all, I saw
came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more
one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.
discussing what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one. It
him." On Christmas Eve, Hermione went to bed looking forward to the next
squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as

over at that moment and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep.
follow me."
when you were afraid, thought Hermione; there was a quaver in Neville's

glowing coals.
The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his
under his breath.

The hall looked spectacular. Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all
players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to
Where should he go? He stopped, his heart racing, and thought. And then
They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly

Ronan didn't answer immediately. He stared unblinkingly upward, then
DIAGON ALLEY


"Hermione Potter!"
Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection
"How often do you check to see if anyone's inside?" Hermione asked.
Hermione picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It was strange to
"I -- don't -- want said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater
"Double Potions with the Slytherins," said Ron. "Snape's Head of
Monday. This reminded Hermione of something. If it was Monday -- and you
isn't more. Move along, all of you."
his sweater.

The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy
but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel,
"Must be," said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore. "It's odd, because he
he'd be about Dudley's age now, wouldn't he?"

door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor
looking up at Hermione, she started looking frantically at the crowd.
well, have a good term -- send me an owl when you get there."
"Shut up, Peeves -- please -- you'll get us thrown out."
rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as
should have started studying a month ago, I don't know what's gotten

after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, because a second later,
he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to
there, with lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, all sorts

Hermione's heart gave a horrible jolt. A test? In front of the whole
"Sent owls off ter all yer parents' old school friends, askin' fer
about Quidditch!"
"Up! Get up! Now!"


CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS

The following week dragged by. Wednesday night found Harry and Hermione
through all their extra work.
Snape's face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to

went pink again and he muttered that he'd brought sandwiches. Hermione went
send me an owl if you find anything."
out-of-bounds except for classes. Add Norbert and the invisibility
So teach us things worth knowing,

"Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly,

Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.
Hermione followed Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was quite clear now and
Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.



ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel. They were sure she'd be

were bound to notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent -- I'll bet
I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we can't bend the
When Hermione walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started
loudly. "Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an' that."
voice cackled with laughter.
wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of


telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned
Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was
them.
THE FORIBIDDEN FOREST
"You knew?" said Hermione. "You knew I'm a -- a wizard?"
No one could wait for the holidays to start. While the Gryffindor common
There was only one room inside. Hams and pheasants were hanging from the
the matter with this boy.
on sometimes.
angry?"
second Bludger -- sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell
his sideways looks. "If I was ter -- er -- speed things up a bit, would
rounded on Hermione and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
"Will you stop saying the name!" Ron hissed.
Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs
Hermione Potter come and live here!"
"I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor
funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?"
astonishing things to happen. Hermione Potter rolled over inside his
"That seems to be in order."
Hermione unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn't noticed the night
knew. Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble
was some stupid new fashion. He drummed his fingers on the steering
"Sorry, Professor."
Lee was still commentating.

"Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard," said
He didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed.

you've kept it from him all these years?"

"It is! Look down!"
"Isn't he beautiful?" Hagrid murmured. He reached out a hand to stroke
The library was pitch-black and very eerie. Hermione lit a lamp to see his
on Dudley's computer).
"What?"

McGonagall's giant chess set!"
question. She was staring at her slippers, as still as a statue.
really has gone, Dumbledore?"
"I feared I might be too late."

"The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing,

continued. Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a
opposite them. He had his eyes fixed on Hermione and was muttering nonstop

see how they were going to get out of trouble this time. They were
journey..."
not still lookin' fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?" "Oh, we found out who he
"You've got some nerve --" said Ron loudly.
hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding
had just read him.
in twos and threes so they didn't attract attention by all bursting out
return. He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Hermione roughly
"Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin," said Hagrid darkly. "There's not a

A magic wand... this was what Hermione had been really looking forward to.
sandy-haired boy next to Hermione in the line, sat on the stool for almost
later --"
"What's the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen?" Hermione


"What about that tea then, eh?" he said, rubbing his hands together.
"Quick, go, before it wears off."
"You want to be careful with those," Ron warned Hermione. "When they say

Hagrid, who caught his eye and gave him the thumbs up. Hermione grinned


Ron, too. It was driving them nuts.
wizard."

Hermione nodded, but stopped quickly, because it made his head hurt. Then


keen to have another one. In the meantime, Hermione filled Ron in about the
A Very Merry Christmas to you.
"You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said
"Er -- well, I'm right-handed," said Hermione.
of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors

Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.
GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST
ground!" said Malfoy.
what was facing them. Underneath the cloak, Hermione turned to the other

"Potter, did she say?"
couldn't speak. Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.


Hagrid leaned across the table. Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he
"There's still Fluffy, though," said Harry.

In a low whisper, Hermione told them what he'd seen.



It was Quirrell.
choosing precisely those things that are worst for them." Hermione lay
"Are you really?" said Harry. "I know all about you, of course -- I
day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every

"You'd better hurry up and put your robes on, I've just been up to the
put a pointed wizard's hat. This hat was patched and frayed and
if you've a ready mind,


not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay
THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS

promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, but don' go rabbitin' about it
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
There was a hitch. By the next morning, Ron's bitten hand had swollen to
happened?" Hermione asked urgently.
"Hagrid's bringing him."
mean, they're like a pair of human Bludgers themselves."
"What do they think they're doing, keeping a thing like that locked up
"Hey, Ron."
the hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffindor table. He was so

that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Hermione didn't know

breath. Slowly, the dog's growls ceased -- it tottered on its paws and
Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Hermione's list again.
hills.
time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.

he who told you I'd be here, by the way?"
"Excuse me," Hermione said to the plump woman.



her from the dining room.
He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.


Dursleys.
everyone's saying? About why he's disappeared? About what finally

and taken off. He hadn't been lying, he could fly well. Hovering level

the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung
"Give it to me. Five points from Gryffindor."
Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a
Filch.
"Dumbledore?" he said, dashing to the door to make sure. Fred was right.
been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for getting rid of
pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole

He asked a bit about the sorta creatures I took after... so I told
Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore's chair, slumped
protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it."
They pushed the door open. Hermione dropped the cloak from around his

take that bishop, Harry, go on."
he could say something a bit more interesting.
"What can you see?" Harry said anxiously.
As the snake slid swiftly past him, Hermione could have sworn a low,
Ron couldn't resist it.

he said, "Sir, there are some other things I'd like to know, if you can


small hole appeared -- it grew wider and wider -- a second later they
it."
"Bet it's that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found





Dumbledore, right?"
Section."
There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the

had you, and of course I knew you'd be just the same, just as strange,
rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn't mentioned the date.
grimly. "Right, follow me, but careful, now."
"She doesn't know about the troll."

you know everything that goes on round here," said Harry in a warm,
"Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa doing
"Nope," said Ron. "Hermione hasn't had much to do yet."

"Never mind that now," said Hermione breathlessly. "Let's find an empty

the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard's hat for a
"I'm freezing," said Ron. "Let's forget it and go back."
"Thank you!"
"You could have woken me up," said Ron, crossly.
I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle
Hermione felt himself go red.

They had to study the night skies through their telescopes every
of silver. Heaps of little bronze Knuts.
As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyone's attention


"You sound like Harry."

"It's -- it's true?" faltered Professor McGonagall. "After all he's

lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl.
pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab
anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but
"Is that where -?" whispered Professor McGonagall.
gotten back the marks for their very first piece of homework.



dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didn't have much
The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over the door
on all fours -- coughed -- and something gold fell into his hand.
going near the dog again.

ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron.
send you an owl."
Hermione -- he couldn't move for fear.


"Are you serious, Professor?"
McGonagall didn't say a word to him. She wrenched open doors and marched
what it was, no one does -- but somethin' about you stumped him, all

"Yeah, that's a goblin," said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white
pig in a wig.

words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.
stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted.

Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped
knees weren't going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.
them toppled right into a suit of armor.
"Firenze saved me, but he shouldn't have done so.... Bane was furious...
It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body. He put the bottle
pain to stop him from doing a curse.
years follow me!"
with his brothers and the broomstick he'd like to get if he had the

their secret weapon, Hermione should be kept, well, secret. But the news

funny clothes -- the getups you saw on young people! He supposed this
relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the
dungeon. Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamus's cauldron into a
don't hang around once you've won."
"Then kill him, fool, and be done!" screeched Voldemort.
Gryffindor can't play at all."
"Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his mother and father. "That's two

Hagrid looked at Hermione with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but
"I'm going to play," he told Ron and Harry. "If I don't, all the


"Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said
Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of
-- he is a great wizard and I am weak --"
Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville's cloak, which was fastened
right."
only Harry Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor
in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all
A few people nodded mutely.
going to know we're getting rid of Norbert."
trusting him.


"No."
underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Neville cared about was never
Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on
glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).
There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the
back. And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair,

impressed. "I'd have thought you, of all people --"
the touch, like water woven into material.

Dudley could work out what he'd said.

"You all right, Hermione? Yer very quiet," said Hagrid.

the best Christmas he'd ever had. Ron and his brothers were staying,
Hermione's in front of him -- and they had an owl.
"Oh, well -- I was at Hogwarts meself but I -- er -- got expelled, ter
they learn quick enough."
rustling of leaves around them.
finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round
pretend sobs. "He always sp- spoils everything!" He shot Hermione a nasty
he flew off through the open window.
had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their
they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge
movements of the planets. Three times a week they went out to the
glasses, and his hair was very untidy. It stuck up at the back, just as


"No," he said finally. "No, we'll ignore it. If they don't get an
"Up!" she screeched. Hermione heard her walking toward the kitchen and then
knight's horse. At once, the stone sprang to life. The horse pawed the
don't use your eyes, any of you, do you?" she snapped. "Didn't you see
raising it, ready to fire. The three of them listened. Something was
ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart,

how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that
Hermione remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to
I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed --
will leave and not come back. You have been warned."
hand, tears in his eyes.

diff'rent eggs -- what I got there's a Norwegian Ridgeback. They're

"We'll send you a Hogwarts toilet seat."



He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his
Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor -- what

raised high in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going

and you're out of the game!"
They reached King's Cross at half past ten. Uncle Vernon dumped Hermione's
"Well, so they say," said Hagrid. "Crikey, I'd like a dragon."
"Why not?"


Seeker. That's you. And you don't have to worry about the Quaffle or the
gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. Aunt Petunia burst
know... her crowd."
Get yer wands out an' practice now -- that's it -- an' if anyone gets in
--
something.


"You can't!" said Harry. "After what McGonagall and Snape have said?


emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.
pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.
potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope. Then they visited
I won't let you do it," he said, hurrying to stand in front of the
time he gets back...."
world -- everyone follows Quidditch -- played up in the air on
"What about you?"
too. No one was talking much except Harry Granger, who was whispering
over here! All right there, Hermione?"
On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letters to
human left in him to die. Some say he's still out there, bidin' his


Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and Harry were a
Hagrid


out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats.

"Tokens from your friends and admirers," said Dumbledore, beaming. "What



But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it
Gryffindor! Yes, Weasley, from my own house!" Hermione and Ron went back to
"Oh, Mom, can I go on the train and see him, Mom, eh please...."
could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam
lightning scar.


and see himself exactly as he is. Does that help?"

"Er -- have the Bludgers ever killed anyone?" Hermione asked, hoping he
about the Sorcerer's tone --"
Quirrell smiled. His face wasn't twitching at all.

stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron and the others becoming
anything ourselves we'll be thrown out for sure."
clicked it again -- the next lamp flickered into darkness. Twelve times
like?"
Snape bandages.
shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, "We got
Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a complete

find out how the mirror worked. It's almost like he thought I had the
Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in
"Look! Look at them all... there are loads of them...."
he had to do kept his mind off his misery. He, Ron, and Harry kept to
The Potters smiled and waved at Hermione and he stared hungrily back at
amazement.
"Get out, both of you," croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back
"Snape's," said Hermione. "What do we have to do?"
Come on."
Given Hermione his letter.
follow him if he leaves it. Harry, you'd better do that."

want to stay somewhere with a television. "
"SILENCE!" yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the
examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule,


you hear that? He remembers me!" Hermione shook hands again and again --

few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to
"Oy, you there! Is this your toad?" said Hagrid, who was checking the
"Out of the way, you," he said, punching Hermione in the ribs. Caught by

"Ron --"
staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors. UP another
"Er -- no," said Hermione.

It didn't come... he kept on running... he opened his eyes. A scarlet
great things from you, Mr. Potter.... After all, He-


him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full. It was decked
Hermione was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Dudley's gang,
Hermione saw that Hagrid looked very worried.

All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of

had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell's stutter.

anything new, either, with five brothers. I've got Bill's old robes,
got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn't aff
cheers from the crowd. Harry stood up, her crossed fingers in her

"Pay him," Hagrid grunted into the sofa.
words in languages Hermione couldn't understand. Some had no title at all.
could be heard.




greenhouse roof, and he still didn't have his room back. Hermione was
They walked past a mossy tree stump. Hermione could hear running water;
looking flushed and excited.
Ron bit his lip.
before he can walk and talk! Famous for something he won't even

back into solid wall.
hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been
sticks.
up? You told me they died in a car crash!"
shadows. It was a very funny feeling.

hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning
Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Hermione told the other
without their noticing anything. They walked straight past, and Hermione

The last thing Hermione saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the
Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell's lessons turned out to be a bit of
was to ward off a vampire he'd met in Romania and was afraid would be
stuffed roughly into the keyhole.

answer... Yes, that's best... we won't do anything....
seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake
Weather's horrible. Hope you're Well.

learning to play that night. He bolted his dinner that evening without

Not even one of the teachers?"
uncle about getting to King's Cross station the next day, so he went
down and -- FLUMP. With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on
back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.
Dear Hermione,
-- you're Nearly Headless Nick!"
door open," said Ron, peering over the dog's back. "Want to go first,
it was the grayish white of old porridge.
nothing would surprise him.
different ways of treating werewolf bites, Hermione and Ron were still
"What the --?"
I went looking for the troll because I -- I thought I could deal with it
When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called,
"I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks," he said
Hermione was wondering what a wizard did once he'd finished school.
But the room was empty. Breathing very fast, he turned slowly back to

"Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right," she said impatiently.
"Snape was trying to save me?"


"Better you than me," they said together, but Hermione had an idea that
"Be quiet, Ginny, and it's rude to point."

complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.
words.
thought this was very funny.
He waved his wand, but nothing happened. Scabbers stayed gray and fast
holding her hand, "Mom, can't I go... "
head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and
" Great food, isn't it?" Ron muttered to Hermione through the hangings.
into a corner of the room.
thickset and looked extremely mean. Standing on either side of the pale
Quirrell couldn't touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible
"Load of old tosh," said Uncle Vernon. Hermione jumped; he had almost
simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was
A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.
screaming! Hermione snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one
and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the cats she'd ever
one of your teachers at Hogwarts."


did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.

"Are you all right?" said Ron. "You look odd."
fierce joy he realized he'd found something he could do without being
clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.
He stopped a passing guard, but didn't dare mention platform nine and
"Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he's looking so
-- I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on
"You're going out again," he said.


managed to make himself heard over the babble.
moons through the gloom of the shop.


He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket and a few
He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It seemed to be a
angry voice from just behind them. Harry was stomping up the stairs,
the barrier.
Hermione woke early the next morning. Although he could tell it was
experience.... They say he met vampires in the Black Forest, and there
Hermione's bathrobe for the last minute. "What?"
"They didn' keep their gold in the house, boy! Nah, first stop fer us is

strange.

"Hmmm," said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look. "Well, now

"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said Hagrid
beaming at him.
"Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right
Bludgers unless they crack my head open."

was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits
heard footsteps, because a second later, Harry Granger had come in.

All the same, it wasn't what you'd call the perfect end to the day,
leg wasn't easy to forget.
than what he was leaving behind.

point you've lost for Gryffindor."


that should be enough fer a couple o' terms, we'll keep the rest safe
sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when


"Merry Christmas," said Ron sleepily as Hermione scrambled out of bed and
"We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Hermione. "Hagrid told that stranger
his binoculars. "If I didn' know better, I'd say he'd lost control of
wide like a mouth -- and the hat began to sing:
inside. It was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair

He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and

Friday was an important day for Hermione and Ron. They finally managed to
Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with
imagine him flying.

"I don't know... sounds like wings to me."

"You'd better get out, then. Go on -- out!"



famous and I can't even remember what I'm famous for. I don't know what
wrote. When they had left the shop, he said, "Hagrid, what's Quidditch?"



"GET OUT! OUT!"
Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling
Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags
bright tonight," he said simply.
run."
Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place?

the rock crumbling into the sea?

first years can't have their own. I think I'll bully father into getting
"Midnight on Saturday!" he said in a hoarse voice. "Oh no oh no -- I've
They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn't
as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts
Dudley's watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat
They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. Hermione got toast,
Slytherin.
the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.


"Yes, please," Hermione panted.
behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out

Dursleys. He stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights.
watched his birthday tick nearer, wondering if the Dursleys would
Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floor -- who do you
Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!
Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy... never... but --
tell yeh everythin', it's a great myst'ry, parts of it...."


"Oh, no, sit," said Hagrid quickly. Hermione noticed he gripped his pink
Hagrid was watching him sadly.
"Ah, Yes," he said softly, "Hermione Potter. Our new -- celebrity."
"Vernon," Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, "look at the
"Funny way to get to a wizards' school, the train. Magic carpets all got




and Harry didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Hermione. The idea
" Brocklehurst, Mandy" went to Ravenclaw too, but "Brown, Lavender"
the mirror.


"Yes," said Dumbledore. "He'll have that scar forever."

hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you."
It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. The
"My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him
how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped off once, he's not
She kissed Percy on the cheek and he left. Then she turned to the twins.

possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would
Gryffindor won, they would move up into second place in the house
"It's tonight," said Hermione, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was
"No," said Hermione, startled by the odd question. "We've only used the
"How did you know it was me?" she asked.
though the teddy was having his head torn off.
rattling over an underground ravine, and Hermione leaned over the side to


footsteps behind them.

"He might have died and you wouldn't know the difference," said Ron in
like lead again, but only because he was so tired and full of food. He
"Only because you're too -- well -- noble to use them."
Hermione was going to ask Ron if he'd had any of the treacle tart, but he
"Mom?" he whispered. "Dad?"

"Found the perfect place!" he said. "Come on! Everyone out!"
person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending

"That car's new, he's not sitting in it alone...."
"You shouldn't be inside on a day like this," he said, with an odd,
fields had gone. Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green
She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall was so big you could have
let it fall open.
sometime. D'yeh know, every time I go up ter the school, she follows me
There was nothing else for it.
few drinks an' got into a game o' cards with a stranger. Think he was

told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than

"You mean he was there in the classroom with you?" Hermione gasped.
Drive on her crutches.
Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town

look of horror on Malfoy's face. "And it's really thanks to Malfoy here
happier. He'd really done something to be proud of now -- no one could
will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with

Quirrell did not manage to take it from you. I arrived in time to
Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Hermione had to do

There was somethin' goin' on that night he hadn't counted on -- I dunno
Dark Side.
everyone in the Leaky Cauldron was like when they saw yeh. Anyway, what

bin killin' the unicorns -- never heard anythin' like it before."
Harry sat together next to a window. Harry was checking Hermione and
"How long have I been in here?"
"What utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! Come on -- I shall see
THE SORTING HAT
needles everywhere and smirking.


"You will keep looking while I'm away, won't you?" said Harry. "And
Ron let go of the front of Malfoy's robes.

"Right," mumbled Ron.
going to end up as Mrs. Norris's Christmas dinner.
and kicked off from the ground. What a feeling -- he swooped in and out
One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings
in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him
"You want to be more careful," said Snape. "Hanging around
last Wednesday. We're gonna try an' find the poor thing. We might have

to him.
over the goblin's book of numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Hermione
While they had been talking, the train had carried them out of London.



pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned -- but
grounds. Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the

into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row --


Ron couldn't get worked up, it was too hot.

WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint
"Three up... two across he muttered. "Right, stand back, Hermione."


"I won't blow up the house," said Hermione, but they weren't listening.
to watch.
turned and left.

watching. They weren't. He looked back at the snake and winked, too.
where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other. Harry

Hermione, and they had set off.

out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet
"White always plays first in chess," said Ron, peering across the board.



Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great
So Hermione set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang. They


a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.
high, unbroken, earsplitting note. He stumbled backward and knocked over

outta the way. All anyone knows is, he turned up in the village where

"This is Ron," Hermione told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a
Ron, and Harry moved closer together to block the fire from view;


"Well, my gran brought me up and she's a witch," said Neville, "but the
He ignored Harry's hand.
"What they're saying," she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort
me, don't follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to
"Yes," said Hermione. "The thing is -- the thing is, I don't know how to
What did you say you've got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?" Ron

One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood. The

He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified,

think she wasn't a teacher to cross. Strict and clever, she gave them a
one jot. This didn't worry Hermione. It seemed as though life would be back
father didn't need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side." He turned to
Brazil?"
Malkin's shop alone, feeling nervous.
A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in last place. In
mad...."

match. She broke my eye contact with you. Another few seconds and I'd
some sign of the Snitch. This was part of his and Wood's game plan.
cornered. How could they have been so stupid as to forget the cloak?

"Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic,
The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind
"Hagrid," he said quietly, "I think you must have made a mistake. I
"That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn," said


the library. He, Ron, and Harry had already agreed they'd better not

they're here to be punished, after all."
remember at all, wondering where the letter writer was now.
chicken blood every half hour. An' see here -- how ter recognize


getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine,

if it's true."
Hermione felt as if Devil's Snare was rooting him to the spot. He couldn't
wandering around at night, and somebody's been in the library Restricted

behind them.
got a few extra books. for background reading, and you're in Modern
the door, but she couldn't move, she was still flat against the wall,

Hermione stared.
-- I mean, I got Scabbers instead."
clearly than he had ever remembered it before -- and he remembered
"Funny stuff on the news," Mr. Dursley mumbled. "Owls... shooting
dusk toward the Quidditch field. Held never been inside the stadium
Tongue- Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.

looking at wands," said the boy. He had a bored, drawling voice. "Then


nobody liked to disagree with Dudley's gang.
And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes

Which was all very well, thought Hermione, but he had another reason for

I haven't eaten for nearly four hundred years," said the ghost. "I don't

cold fury in her voice. Hermione looked at Ron, who was still standing with
Hermione tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak
"You've already seen him, Ginny, and the poor boy isn't something you
"A werewolf?" Hermione suggested.
turned up in Godric's Hollow. He went to find the Potters. The rumor is
each other, and Hermione was sure the coats of armor could walk.
to. Bill and Charlie have already left -- Bill was head boy and Charlie
in what looked like lumpy gray glue.
told Hagrid all about Charlie's work with dragons, Hermione picked up a
teacher? "If they hadn't found me, I'd be dead now. Hermione stuck his wand
was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his
a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, "Don't be sorry, my dear sir,
Bane kicked his back legs in anger.
"Anyway, we've got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he's found a new secret

number four on the Dursleys' front door; it crept into their living
usually gives us a reason why we're not allowed to go somewhere -- the
"Hermione, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.

Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once.
about the size of a soccer ball.

to stop you, and you can back me up."
"Yes," said Professor McGonagall. "And I don't suppose you're going to
But that part of the plan didn't work. No sooner had they reached the


a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of
Hermione didn't say anything.

"Be quiet, Miss Patil
strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the
record shop on the other as if they couldn't see the Leaky Cauldron at
"Nothing," said Hermione.

"Just as long as we're not wiping you off the field," said Harry.




tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley. He
legendary substance with astonishing powers. The stone will transform

tells you if there's something you've forgotten to do. Look, you hold it
But the others wouldn't let Professor Quirrell keep Hermione to himself. It

world. Some of them called:
changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing

get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting
thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd
He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what
like "Mimblewimble." Hagrid stared wildly at Hermione.
Hermione felt the blood drain out of his face. Wherever he was, Filch must
weeks, after A, but as they only had odd moments between lessons it
There, look."
Easily the most boring class was History of Magic, which was the only
"Hey, Mom, guess what? Guess who we just met on the train?"

shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.
where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.
coming through! Excuse me, I'm a prefect!"
Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.
cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you

"Where do you come from, anyway?" Hermione asked.



They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail
From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled a slightly
Hermione looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He dashed to the
"Sorry," he said, "but have you seen a toad at all?"

told me she liked my new earmuffs."
Hermione tried -- but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was
So if you seek beneath our floors


"Got it," she said. "The smallest bottle will get us through the black
here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough


dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles

Dudley mixing with a child like that.
The Hermione Potter?"


Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. They inched closer.
WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass
they were proud of having a witch in the family!"
"I never thought to look in here!" she whispered excitedly. "I got this
Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for ages
"But that means he and his wife will die, won't they?"
alone, the best of all of them. However, this mirror will give us
notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan.

"Hang on," he said. "Back, Fang."

bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.

shouted at Hermione for about half an hour and then told him to go and make
"Three Chasers," Hermione repeated, as Wood took out a bright red ball
computer in his sports bag.


"Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago," she said coldly. "He
who had a boat to himself. "Right then -- FORWARD!"
"But we're not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if
There's nothing hidden in your head



At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded the
the thing -- he tried to kill you, too. Wanted ter make a clean job of

the Apothecary, which was fascinating enough to make up for its horrible
my eyes I'll be at home in my cupboard."
pulled out a blood-red stone. It winked and put the Stone back in its
"Yes -- thank you -- what was that?"

Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it
A barn owl brought Neville a small package from his grandmother. He
Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and
something peculiar -- a cat reading a map. For a second, Mr. Dursley
an' he killed 'em. Horribly. One o' the only safe places left was

by his name? All this 'You- Know-Who' nonsense -- for eleven years I

Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.
breakfast the next day. They had just finished when the owner of the
Fourth, the second left and the second on the right
thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out of the



I'll be in Slytherin, all our family have been -- imagine being in
breath.


"Why's Bane so angry?" he asked. "What was that thing you saved me from,



he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he
She stood up, glaring at them.
"Don't be a fool," snarled the face. "Better save your own life and join
Hermione nodded silently. He didn't have a clue what was going on, but he

when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.
thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does. So if I look in the

Doris Crockford shook Hermione's hand one last time, and Hagrid led them
small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.
Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.
Harry. "Can we help you with something?"
Ron also started teaching Hermione wizard chess. This was exactly like
school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there too. Hermione, on the
"I want to read that letter," he said loudly. want to read it," said
It was really lucky that Hermione now had Hermlone as a friend. He didn't


team from scoring."
dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes. Hermione now

"The keys in the lock," Hermione muttered. "We could lock it in."

"Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many
Defense Against the Dark Arts.

Now, listen to me, all three of yeh -- yer meddlin' in things that don'
broomstick, trying to see through the leaves. Below, in a shadowy
"Are you really Hermione Potter?" Ron blurted out.
"So what happened to you two?" said Hermione.

punished me... decided he would have to keep a closer watch on me...."


held the broom steady. A few people below were clapping.

-- give him here, Hagrid -- we'd better get this over with."

fit the whole of the Dursleys' house in it. The stone walls were lit
make me say it again. Anyway, this -- this wizard, about twenty years
had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week

him.
"Where're you going?" said Ron sleepily.


He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Hermione fell off. Hermione

"We've got the invisibility cloak," said Hermione. "It shouldn't be too
of the window again.
Wands, and a number of other strange things Hermione had never seen in his


That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd

"It wasn't his fault, Professor --"
Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Hermione's face.
the room."
Hermione slid off his back.
complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your
Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Hermione
Spells."
Wood's expression changed from puzzlement to delight.
--"
mess with goblins, Hermione. Gringotts is the safest place in the world fer
Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome
quickly out of sight. He didn't feel like sharing it with anyone else
Potter.

why they had both brought their wands to the match. Little did Hermione

At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.
last! Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy,
tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignored him. He was still talking to
"Malfoy," said Neville shakily. "I met him outside the library. He said
whatever he told Ron and Harry. The rest of the team wasn't too calm,
passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late - -
Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual when he was
Hufflepuff too much."
before. Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the field so that
day!" she cried, flinging her arms around him.
this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped
the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheer ful chatter of
Harry marched away with her nose in the air.
hurried over.
fault he's here in the first place."
team last year."
reeled off.

was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech
been wild to get his hands on some of these. Hagrid almost had to drag
couldn't have done it."
Enter, stranger, but take heed
anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like
Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander... but I don't know


was a nasty bit o' trouble with a hag -- never been the same since.
from one of the Weasleys' wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to
Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us up if Bane doesn't stop
almost flew, back down the corridor. Filch must have hurried off to look
the story started to spread: Hermione Potter, the famous Hermione Potter,
"Why are you going to London?" Hermione asked, trying to keep things
arriving at Hagrid's hut because they'd had to wait for Peeves to get

"Fifty?" Hermione gasped -- they would lose the lead, the lead he'd won in

"It's not that unusual, yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog's Head --
and he looked and looked until a distant noise brought him back to his
involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs.
in the face for weeks...."
bed and into trouble. I've already caught him. I suppose you think it's
As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Hermione's mind

when he told us."
for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.

Bring back what we've forgot,
very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.
of the darkness.
Then a noise in the next room made them jump. Hermione had only just raised
"The forest?" he repeated, and he didn't sound quite as cool as usual.
to the Dark Side! I'm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing
"Don' you worry, Hermione. You'll learn fast enough. Everyone starts at the
"Give me a minute."

From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school,
Wizard's duel. Wands only -- no contact. What's the matter? Never heard
several booming barks. Then Hagrid's voice rang out, saying, "Back, Fang
walking with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given
help you now, the Fat Lady's gone off somewhere."
miles from the trophy room.
through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash

BOOM.
out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase. Hermione's legs were

he hated my father. Is that true?"

hadn't tried. At breakfast on Thursday she bored them all stupid with
gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head
Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Hermione aside.
At the start-of-term banquet, Hermione had gotten the idea that Professor
He passed the sausages to Hermione, who was so hungry he had never tasted

"P for prefect! Get it on, Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even
McGonagall. "It doesn't take a genius to work it out. You fed Draco
day for the food and the fun, but not expecting any presents at all.
cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people
have a window open? I'm boiling."
"Not if I can help it," said Harry grimly. "Flitwick told me in
"Blimey, Hermione, I keep forgettin' how little yeh know -- not knowin'


the forest.
His next present also contained candy -- a large box of Chocolate Frogs
"Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," she said.
"What's up?" said Hagrid.
They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that


At school, Hermione had no one. Everybody knew that Dudley's gang hated



Quirrell, however, must have been braver than they'd thought. In the
Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that

get one. These were the books containing powerful Dark Magic never
important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be
a muffled voice. "An' I've packed his teddy bear in case he gets
Quidditch player himself."
"Leave it to me."

understand why it was killed? Or have the planets not let you in on that
though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the
watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as
was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly
"I don't know, sit." "Thought you wouldn't open a book before coming,

Neville?"
"Ah, go boil yet heads, both of yeh," said Hagrid. "Hermione -- yet a
He shook his head and then, to Hermione's relief, spotted Hagrid.






"Make yerselves at home," said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded
"They're not really frogs, are they?" He was starting to feel that



scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a
called him "the Seeker."
holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple."
they can afford."
her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.
Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.
forgets I don't like corned beef."
have let him down many times. He has had to be very hard on me."
anything, but he wasn't very hopeful. They had been looking for two

your nose, and screech, "GOT YOUR CONK!"

here -- another young man being fitted up just now, in fact. "
and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer

Neville at the breakfast table. They were all the same:
they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.
from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.
trailing them over the branches of the new tree.

Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned
"Nothing?" said Ron eagerly.
"I really don't think they should let the other sort in, do you? They're

around since last night at least."
one."

dark.
mixed up in anything that might be going on -- he yawned and turned over
"Fred? George? Are you there?"
At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at
"What?"
that's saying something."
over his head and his reflection vanished completely.
letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each
behind them. "Are you trying to earn some extra money, Weasley? Hoping

spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and
He walked forward and shook the centaur's hand.
gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach... dreading going

match. Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get
"Make Dudley get it."
McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.
owlery with the other school owls. This morning, however, she fluttered
"I know," Ron snapped. "Don't nag."


"Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?" Hermione asked.



dragon.
on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to
"Of course he has," said Ron, wheeling around. "I'm his second, who's
"D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts," muttered Professor Quirrell, as
streamed through the back wall. Pearly-white and slightly transparent,

"That's chess!" snapped Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices! I take
"Catch it if you can, then!" he shouted, and he threw the glass ball
couldn't even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to
Hermione heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall. He took off
"But the glass," he kept saying, "where did the glass go?"
of his cloak, he was gone.
case they're ever needed.... Right, off we go, and don't think of
"No more'n four to a boat!" Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little

He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he
had white-blond hair and a palomino body.
"So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to
"So the Stone's gone?" said Ron finally. "Flamel's just going to die?"

"Oh, you're going to fight us, are you?" Malfoy sneered.
only Dumbledore had given Hermione just one more point.
the Warlocks' Convention of 1709, everyone knows that. It's hard to stop
ordinary people. Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles
"Shut up, Malfoy," snapped Parvati Patil.


And so he had.
"Do you think this mirror shows the future?"
few hours -- but the expression on Snape's face when Hermione had seen his
The forest is not safe at this time -- especially for you. Can you ride?

questions?"

Hagrid frowned at him.


the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes. She, too, was
about it?"
"Half-past eleven," Ron muttered at last, "we'd better go."


spoke to it.
everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.
fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.
into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
Emporium -- Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy. Several boys of

"And sir, there's one more thing..."
tell me why you're here, of all places?"
"Have you got your own broom?" the boy went on.

catch it, but his arms were too heavy.
I left, he was singing it a lullaby."


To achieve their ends.
He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll's nose. It was covered

Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his
away and Filch cursing in rage.
they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.
clapped her hands.
Hermione pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment
Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large
wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of
"You don't have to --"
the plant wound around them.
to stop him from killing me. But why would he want to kill me in the
folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the

sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different
"Where was I?" said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still
this summer. Anyway, maybe it only shows dead people. Shame about not
like Flitwick, he paused at Hermione's name.

points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching


"Unless you get out now," said Hermione, more bravely than he felt, because

"Hullo," he said, smiling. "Finished yer exams? Got time fer a drink?"

man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse's gleaming
house, and I must say, I agree. Know what house you'll be in yet?"
eyes beneath her spectacles. Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a
candles in the pumpkins stutter. The feast appeared suddenly on the
"I suppose so," said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.
"Shut up," said Ron.

me one and I'll smuggle it in somehow."

Hermione woke at five o'clock the next morning and was too excited and
they'd just chained up.

sweater."
arm. Hermione landed next to him.


A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. Clearly
He handed Hermione a small club, a bit like a short baseball bat.
food. He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table:
Something very painful was going on in Hermione's mind. As Hagrid's story
where're yeh goin'?"
be --?"
"Is it -- dead?"
on my own -- you know, because I've read all about them."

direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a

pink silk dress.

the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon's hands, bent
"Thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Powerful wand, very powerful, and in

Hermione and Harry didn't get a chance to answer. Madam Pomfrey came

Hermione ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:


-- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no
out at odd angles.
caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled
from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.

"Broken wrist," Hermione heard her mutter. "Come on, boy -- it's all right,

Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the hoops to
Hermione's last month with the Dursleys wasn't fun. True, Dudley was now so
"Now, form a line," Professor McGonagall told the first years, "and
looked quickly out of the window, pretending he hadn't looked. Hermione saw
apart from you."
"Are there many of them in here?" asked Harry.
up. Snape's only got to say he doesn't know how the troll got in at

then start to fall. He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down



So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to





"So?" snapped Mrs. Dursley.
yourselves."
"I'm sorry to say I sold the wand that did it," he said softly.
"Did that sound like hooves to you? Nah, if yeh ask me, that was what's
Hogwarts, fer cryin' out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yet parents
Harry pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.
Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their
second television and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a

They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Hermione and
should have seen their faces when I got in here -- they thought I might

at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried




wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Hermione
would come back and lead him to his doom.
As Hermione stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little
carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with


Harry stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without
Or young with scabby knees,

half me life chasin' yer twin brothers away from the forest."
Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - Ron leapt
sky. The train did seem to be slowing down.
Hermione and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy's
off. But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck their

see him alive again. This wasn't what you'd call comforting. Hermione
there are dragons at Gringotts?"
Use it well.
wall to stop his knees from trembling.



"No," said Hermione, feeling more stupid by the minute.

"Sometimes," he said, "I find it hard to follow my master's instructions
Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.



to the wall, counting down to September the first.


The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about

other around Hermione's brain, each more feeble than the last. He couldn't
knuckles and scowl.
"Er -- yes, they did, yes," said Hagrid, shuffling his feet. "I've still
lesson, the three of them dropped their trowels at once and hurried
Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart;
was a blazing fire in the grate. Hagrid made them tea and offered them
the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six

need to, of course, but one does miss it. I don't think I've in troduced
the Stone, Voldemort's coming back! Haven't you heard what it was like
it was without further clues.
Developments in Wizardry," said Ron. "He's not exactly recent if he's
Hogwarts? So I told him, Fluffy's a piece o' cake if yeh know how to
It was Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris. Horror-struck, Hermione waved madly
ridiculous ideas about good and evil. Lord Voldemort showed me how wrong
very interesting read.
smell from Hermione's new uniform. Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as
"That does it," said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling

"So," said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with
are much better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends
Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon, trying to get him out of
"Yeah, Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.
Hermione and staring at him. "Light -- speedy -- we'll have to get him a
"I am resting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on, Madam

"Did you see his face?"
another feather -- just one other. It is very curious indeed that you
league as the Nimbus."

around in the middle of the night, how dare you --"
towering oak. He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into his crossbow,
Hermione knew Ron and Harry were thinking the same as he was. If Snape
Now they were speeding past fields full of cows and sheep. They were

"Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?" Hermione asked.


the spectators were high enough to see what was going on. At either end

anyway, yeh couldn' work any of them curses yet, yeh'll need a lot more
"Do it again," Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly
"How many days you got left until yer holidays?" Hagrid asked.

brooms from the flying- key room, they'll get you out of the trapdoor



sprang up all over his arms and legs.
"Well, there you are, boy. Platform nine -- platform ten. Your platform
owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although owls normally
in green).

George Weasley. And this is Ron, our brother. See you later, then.
Hermione caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he
He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced. She struck Ron hard
all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. They had almost reached
twisted smile.
train. They leaned out of the window for her to kiss them good-bye, and
But Hagrid wasn't listening. He was humming merrily as he stoked the
was flying."
good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny
Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill,
and meet Hagrid with you?"
This didn't have quite the effect she'd expected.
before the Muggles started swarmin' around. He fell asleep as we was
didn't even manage to bite Snape's leg off properly.

The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a

Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight on
slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing
until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.


him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Hermione's face. "What's the
Hermione leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on

Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right

Tap. Tap. Tap.
Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor

Pliable. A little more power and excellent for transfiguration. Well, I
who's an accountant, but we never talk about him."


"Ahern -- just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. I
-- he was a foot away -- he closed his eyes ready for the crash --
they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy
standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the
crept toward the trapdoor. They could feel the dog's hot, smelly breath
"Heads down!" yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they
"How exactly do they sort us into houses?" he asked Ron.



his great relief, Hermione wasn't punished.


As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said
"No post on Sundays," he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade
from concentrating on the mirror.

"I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name," said Hermione, I
"Oh -well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George's jokes," said


positions of the seven players, describing famous games he'd been to

points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and
Another will transport the drinker back instead,
just no good telling the Dursleys he didn't make them happen.
cold eyes. He had looked through his books at the Dursleys', but did
When Hermione finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of


stopped.
Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking

traveled around the world. A foolish young man I was then, full of
"Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,"
The two boys gawked at him, and Hermione felt himself turning red. Then, to
interesting, but the spell didn't work. I'll show you, look..."

now. He remembered being picked for teams during gym at his old school.
into a run -he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of
sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.
a cup of tea. Hermione shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the
They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air became
watching.

Your detention will take place at eleven o'clock tonight. Meet Mr. Filch
"Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you
Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said
unusual?"
working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt
"Ah," said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er..."
to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle

did if he dared to ask a question.

Harry read the paper several times. Then she walked up and down the
Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made furious
"You must come and stay this summer," said Ron, "both of you -- I'll


at each other, they all said "Thanks," and hurried off to get plates.

another escalator, out into Paddington station; Hermione only realized


you?"
had also tent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a
it?"
giant tarantula down there."

"It bit me!" he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a
Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march.
hairs on the back of Hermione's neck prickled. Maybe he was imagining it,
else. As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn't help
He, Ron, and Harry passed through the gateway together. "There he is,
Hermione thought she was probably right, but he wasn't going to tell her
had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape
"Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin'," said Hagrid, raising his

particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a sixth year. Hermione
Hagrid seized Hermione and Harry and hoisted them off the path behind a




Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the
Snape was standing there.
about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of
looking at him; he had to jog to keep up. Now he'd done it. He hadn't

James Potter? It's an outrage! A scandal! Hermione Potter not knowin' his

tonight."

Hagrid, we saved the Stone, it's gone, he can't use it. Have a Chocolate
"I don't know how the Muggles manage without magic," he said as they
"Hello, dear," she said. "First time at Hogwarts? Ron's new, too."
"Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know
uniform, leaving Hermione at Mrs. Figg's. Mrs. Figg wasn 't as bad as
As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them. Spray from the
sent them. Hermione's knees were trembling. What if they lost?
By eleven o'clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around

"We were --" Hermione began, without any idea what he was going to say.
Then a small voice came out of the shadows.

door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bounds
Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

"Just looking," he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind
tapestries. They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their
is at Quidditch, but I bet that's all talk."
"Your father would have been proud," she said. "He was an excellent
The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down

with misty eyes. "He really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert!
"Oh, very well," she said. "But five minutes only."
But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this and Lily that,

where the moonlight caught them. Cups, shields, plates, and statues
There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or
all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain

Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face
Hermione was almost glad that the exams weren't far away. All the studying
didn't wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to
silvery eyes were a bit creepy.
"Stand back," Wood warned Hermione. He bent down and freed one of the




"Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inches. Quite whippy. Try --"
First-year students will require:

"We're not offended," said Hermione quickly. "Just tell us what to do."

at each other, very scared, until they couldn't hear anything but the
book, even though Hermione was still sure he'd read the name somewhere.


answers anyway.
They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Hermione and
wanted you dead."

and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery.
back into its deep sleep.
There was no alternative.

it. He'd done it -- the game was over; it had barely lasted five
"I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven
met him, " said Hermione.


another one! 'Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'"
got all day." He walked away.
He wiped it on the troll's trousers.


caught him in mid- jump.
Hermione felt as though his insides had turned to ice. He looked behind
"Look!" said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the
Harry Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was. This

toadless boy, or Harry Granger this time.
rest."
seconds, the sound faded away.
she'd need. Hermione tried hard not to listen to her. He'd never been more


up her scroll and took the Sorting Hat away.
thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which
much had he heard? Hermione didn't like the look on Malfoy's face at all.

(chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).
Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, Fang at his heel. He
and it didn't improve his mood -- was the tabby cat he'd spotted that
for yeh." He turned to Griphook. "Vault seven hundred and thirteen now,



indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got
work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming
his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping him so busy. There


The pain in Hermione's head was so bad he fell to his knees. It took a

"Abou' time," he said. "I bin waitin' fer half an hour already. All
room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. Filch was already
I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I've read all about them!
"We've got to go and see Hagrid, now."
-- get off, Neville!" For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of


drinking it for me in the forest... and once I have the Elixir of Life,

"Mount your brooms, please."
library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.
with Neville. When it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR," Neville ran off
through the opposite wall.
A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and
Hermione tried to understand this but it made his head pound, so he
boat!"
everything that had happened so far.
of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt


busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his
heard none of this, though. He was being made a cup of strong tea back
blundering Neville -- Hermione knew what it must have cost him to try and

After dinner the three of them sat nervously apart in the common room.

racing bike was a mystery to Hermione, as Dudley was very fat and hated
goes..."
The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs. As they
and Harry walked back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn't come
to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name.
big mistake.
"Nine and three-quarters."

Neville's head. They heard him zooming away, rattling coats of armor as
facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved
"Never at Hogwarts. We've had a couple of broken jaws but nothing worse
Had Hermione thought that things couldn't have been worse? He was wrong.
wand. It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the
his life -- and yet -- he chewed his hamburger, trying to find the

to move around a lot. The people in the portraits kept going to visit
It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Hermione
Hermione shook his head.
"I'm going out of here tonight and I'm going to try and get to the Stone
An owl hooted loudly, and Hermione nearly fell out of the tree. He steadied
you mind leaving while we change?"

dragon flopped onto the table. It wasn't exactly pretty; Hermione thought

"Malfoy tricked you," Harry said to Hermione. "You realize that, don't

"You're joking."
a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.
The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throwing them

said Hermione, trying to take Ron's mind off houses. "So what do your
full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their

answered before Hermione could.
ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a good kick.
shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.
can't."

And now, bedtime. Off you trot!"
And don't get in a flap!
selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Hermione had never seen


"Granger, Harry!"
the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, "I

"I'm serious, Hermione, don't go."
Hermione looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he



there's a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant
couldn't read maps or signs. Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and

"Hold out your arm. That's it." He measured Hermione from shoulder to
couldn't. He couldn't kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how,
I'm going to drag them off to took at racing brooms. I don't see why
in neat lines on the ground. Hermione had heard Fred and George Weasley
"Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going



Hermione stared.
stretching and yawning. Hermione ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. He
finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Hermione's
"Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And don't you
face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble.

had died in that car crash. He couldn't remember being in the car when

"That does look good," said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Hermione

complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Hermione was on Wood's
it mean, they await my owl?"
Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Hermione saw a purple wax
"Anything off the cart, dears?"
high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the
-- and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk
of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail. Hermione privately
"I think I know who that one's from," said Ron, turning a bit pink and
his eyes off them. Soon he had not only Dumbledore and Morgana, but
on drills that morning. He didn't see the owls swoop ing past in broad
the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle taken by the Slytherins -- that's


wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed

famous. You're famous."


"You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT" she said firmly.
quickly down the corridor.
Or perhaps in Slytherin
Malfoy and Crabbe weren't there yet. The crystal trophy cases glimmered
didn't like Hermione at all.
lemon ice pop. It wasn't bad, either, Hermione thought, licking it as they

as she towered over the three of them.

Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before

that is."
A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so

"Petrificus Totalus!" she cried, pointing it at Neville.

Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we'll send up green sparks, right?


"Go on."

key with the damaged wing. "Ron, you come at it from above -- Harry,
couldn't sleep. He shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable,

Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a
it over his head, "NEVER," he thundered, "- INSULT- ALBUS- DUMBLEDORE-
"What about what's-her-name, your friend -- Yvonne?"
results came out. When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put
jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly

She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It seemed
ninth floor. If he hadn't, he might have found it harder to concentrate
and Dad were in it, too. I don't know what they'll say if I'm not. I
a hinge. Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it
"I don't understand... is the Stone inside the mirror? Should I break
not be magic enough to come, you see. Great Uncle Algie was so pleased


"I know who you are!" said Ron suddenly. "My brothers told me about you
throwing me out after that."

have form only when I can share another's body... but there have always
the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall
tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows. "No
taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced
moon."
"Had to let that happen," said Ron, looking shaken. "Leaves you free to
"Ready?" Hermione asked the other two, his hand on the door handle. They

upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room. He
match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest

his lamp, which went out at once. Panicking, he heard footsteps coming


"Yeah," said Hagrid, glancing up, too. "Listen, I'm glad we've run inter
The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the windows rattle. Hermione
"Bulstrode, Millicent" then became a Slytherin. Perhaps it was Hermione's
Look at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to
questions."
Gringotts. Hermione didn't know where to run first now that he had a bag
taught -- this was easy, this was wonderful. He pulled his broomstick up
boy Hermione had passed on platform nine and threequarters came in. He
"You could just leave me here," Hermione put in hopefully (he'd be able to
frame, standing on two clawed feet. There was an inscription carved
"Come on, cheer up, it's nearly Christmas," said Hagrid. "Tell yeh what,
Harry looked convinced, but Ron didn't.

"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of
Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Hermione.
gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose.
was me," said Harry. "Do either of you know what house you'll be in?
of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the end. They


feeble Muggle ones the Dursleys usually bought, with their little
"Second -- to Miss Harry Granger... for the use of cool logic in the
sounded offhand.
invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn't know about that."
binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Hermione.
"Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall."

"Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow."
eh?" he said, leering at them. "Oh yes... hard work and pain are the
awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a
looking. This was supposed to be good training for later life.
and slammed them down on the table.
"So light a fire!" Hermione choked.
seen an owl even at nighttime. Mr. Dursley, however, had a perfectly
watch.

Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught
Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Hermione
his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet

We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts
"Good evening," said Ronan. "Students, are you? And do you learn much,

Muggles in helicopters. He wasn't the only one, though: the way Seamus
his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to
"The floor?" Hermione suggested. "I wasn't looking at its feet, I was too
Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.
Hermione didn't miss a single one, and Wood was delighted. After half an

whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was
with flat, horny feet. The smell coming from it was incredible. It was

"No, no, no," said Harry. "No, we're not. Why don't you go to bed,
He gasped. So did the people around him. About twenty ghosts had just

man-crushing pythons. Dudley quickly found the largest snake in the
So put me on! Don't be afraid!
dribbling down its front. It got to its feet and came swiftly toward

with the rest of the teachers?"
disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he
"You're mad!" said Ron.
Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their
smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.

stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall --" he
everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case
calm him down, jus' play him a bit o' music an' he'll go straight off

pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the
"What's that you've got there, Potter?"

Hogwarts not knowin'."

either, but cold and sharp. "Yes, Severus does seem the type, doesn't
headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky -- and
Snape disliked him. By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew he'd
boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.
photos... knew yeh didn' have any... d'yeh like it?"

ceiling.
had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.

burst into tears. Gryffindors up and down the table were beside
of a name increases fear of the thing itself."
"Give that here, Malfoy," said Hermione quietly. Everyone stopped talking
it's hidden! But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what I'm up

"Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia.
photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed.
The egg was lying on the table. There were deep cracks in it. Something
Harry opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the

what she had fer a sister!"
worry."
much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings
Hagrid's chest swelled at these last words. Hermione and Ron beamed at

Ron, at the next table, wasn't having much more luck.
The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Hermione, Ron, and

"I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up
They had reached the station. There was a train to London in five

"D'you think he meant you to do it?" said Ron. "Sending you your
The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door, but it

had been sent up. Harry, however, stood alone by the door, waiting
was standing over him, not Ronan or Bane; this one looked younger; he

It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was such a warm day, there


meant more to you than this. All three of you will receive detentions --
balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.
"Harry!" they said together.
lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm

"You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got
find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost

from the first note the beast's eyes began to droop. Hermione hardly drew
onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.
buildings. But all he'd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon
catch you, he said you had a drag --"
its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Hermione a look that said quite plainly:
dragon egg! I'll never drink again! I should be chucked out an' made ter
"Don't you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I


They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black

books were very interesting. He lay on his bed reading late into the
Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now. It was plain that
was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had

but they're saying that when he couldn't kill Hermione Potter, Voldemort's
Hermione's heart did a somersault.
coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was
And into the clearing came -- was it a man, or a horse? To the waist, a

slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small
"Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have
Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and
curled around his chest.
Where they are just and loyal,
Hermione and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it
Hermione, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had

Ron dropped his wand. Harry Granger, telling a downright lie to a
friendly.



"Neville, you can look!" Ron said. Neville had been sobbing into

dying away. That had been close, very close. It was a few seconds before

She turned to the rest of the class.
Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class. "It's no wonder no
"Well done," said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Hermione could hear.
Snape would never know what had happened.

saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering

got yeh."
get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat."
walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the forest, until

It had been Hermione's best Christmas day ever. Yet something had been

Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, "Send him off, ref! Red
cards fer it if I wanted... but he had ter be sure I could handle it, he
"Has anyone seen a toad? Neville's lost one," she said. She had a bossy
gotten a detention, too.


telescope set

"A lemon drop. They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"
his broom... but he can't have...."

were going. Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and
"But Snape tried to kill me!"
forbidden forest. Hermione's victory faded from his mind as he watched. He
called Gred and Forge."
For those who take, but do not earn,
But even Quidditch had lost its fun. The rest of the team wouldn't speak

backs while Dudley hit them. Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.

"Marge's ill," he informed Aunt Petunia. "Ate a funny whelk. --."
all sorts of rubbish -- spell books and wands and --"
before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they
"Vernon! Oh my goodness -- Vernon!"


obvious rage and confusion. "Well, it's true," Hermione chortled as they

kept his eyes fixed on the door. Any second now, Professor McGonagall
one night, they'd ruined any chance Gryffindor had had for the house
time in your house common room.
"Malfoy's got detention! I could sing!"
To his surprise, Hagrid chuckled.
nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to

He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys.
Slytherin girl. "Never thought you'd like fat little crybabies,
in it were empty. Although this was an improvement in many ways, it did
into the Great Hall.
"We've got to get back to Gryffindor tower," said Ron, "quickly as

very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Harry in a
necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces. After what seemed like

expelled?" said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.
half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library."



rich...."
"There are all kinds of courage," said Dumbledore, smiling. "It takes a
He started to walk toward it. People jostled him on their way to


Harry shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.

tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands


there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of
and steal the Stone. I've got to talk to Professor Dumbledore."
"What are you talking about?" said Ron, but Hermione, sprinting across the
usual. It turned out she'd broken her leg tripping over one of her cats,
There was no mistaking that silver beard.
"Won it," said Hagrid. "Las' night. I was down in the village havin' a
Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts -- yeh'll know all about Hogwarts, o' course.

"Call me Hagrid," he said, "everyone does. An' like I told yeh, I'm

"Shhhh!" Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening.


tapping his way around the frame. "Trust Dumbledore to come up with

of Gryffindor Tower."
Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup


"Hermione, everyone says Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was ever
die."
then he told them what he'd seen and heard.
even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn't
The Dursleys had never exactly starved Hermione, but he'd never been


THE POTIONS MASTER

"It was a dream, he told himself firmly. "I dreamed a giant called

"What's basketball?" said Wood curiously. "Never mind," said Hermione

The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea
woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out.
The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt
Worst of all were Professor Snape's classes down in the dungeons, where

The giant chuckled.

sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor
"Neville, "Ron exploded, "get away from that hole and don't be an idiot
"Do you think they'll attack us if we cross the room?" said Ron.
His aunt and uncle stared.
The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly, it raised
of Voldemort certainly scared them, but he didn't keep visiting them in
he was going. Perhaps because it was dark, he didn't recognize where he
"A Nimbus Two Thousand!" Ron moaned enviously. "I've never even touched
"Oh, let's kick her, just this once," Ron whispered in Hermione's ear, but
He made sure Peeves wasn't inside before shutting the door behind them,
say, "Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meals," before he collapsed into a
knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces
forest. Neville thought Hermione had a bad case of exam nerves because
"Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the
tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the


"You don't think they've been hurt, do you?" whispered Harry.
tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Harry came
above him.
all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose. The only thing Hermione
Hermione hadn't had a single letter since Hagrid's note, something that
slip sideways off the broom and --


"Why don't we go down and visit Hagrid?"
duffers, but --"
problems. Nah, we're best left alone."
bike back. G'night, Professor McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore, sir."
crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.



"It must wake up the moment you stop playing," said Hermione. "Well, here

the very last one from the box Harry had given him for Christmas. He
-- points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if
usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere,
I know they don't," said Hermione. "It was only a dream."

his trousers.
Railview Hotel
one taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had been very old
long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room.
the postcard.
Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault,
Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Dudley was the biggest and

for him."
tore his eyes away from his mother's face, whispered, "I'll come back,"
Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him,
Hagrid, however, was on Dean's side.
"Budge up, yeh great lump," said the stranger.
golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.
Griphook held the door open for them. Hermione, who had expected more
Hermione told Hagrid about Snape's lesson. Hagrid, like Ron, told Hermione not
first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Hermione's name he
old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate
"Gryffindor," said Ron. Gloom seemed to be settling on him again. "Mom
begin, not knowing what Flamel might have done to get himself into a
Neither Neville nor Harry showed the slightest interest in what lay
mouth appeared, floating cross- legged in the air, clutching the walking
run if you're nervous. Go on, go now before Ron."
It was a horrible sight. Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite
at the first years. They seemed to be arguing. What looked like a fat
because they were all so impressed at the way Hermione had managed to stay
"See?" Hermione whispered.


What Hermione feared most was that he might not be able to find the mirror
to fall right through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of ache
"Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sit," said the giant, climbing

"No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy," Hermione called.
us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with Snape, and the

"Lily and James... I can't believe it... I didn't want to believe it...
peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint
"Goodness, didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I could if it

toad. You two had better change, you know, I expect we'll be there
not to move it, and to his relief he managed to get inside the room
book had screamed -- for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but


clothes. No arguments!"
an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too --"
Harry turned and walked straight through the purple fire.
"Ye' all get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid called over
Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Hermione another note from Hagrid.

Miss Granger's done it!"
on his first day at Stonewall High -- like he was wearing bits of old
PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN
Way up above them, Hermione was gliding over the game, squinting about for
muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had
time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon's lap.

Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.
"You drink first," said Hermione. "You are sure which is which, aren't
cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down
Longbottom."
immediately!"

Astronomy. Hermione told them what he'd heard.
a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket? How


Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice session, Wood gave

Hedwig hadn't brought Hermione anything so far. She sometimes flew in to


in at last.
never known your family, see them standing around you. Ronald Weasley,

credit to whichever house becomes yours.
"Are all your family wizards?" asked Hermione, who found Ron just as
she left "to hide that horrible scar." Dudley had laughed himself silly
"Where did you get it, Hagrid?" said Ron, crouching over the fire to get
down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at


branches.
voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the
"WEASLEY!"
Those patient Hufflepuffis are true And unafraid of toil;


He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, "Gran, I've lost my toad
Dumbledore. "Quirrell does not have the Stone."
Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,
It was Peeves. He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight.
black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore
tight like this and if it turns red -- oh..." His face fell, because the
Snape wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.

Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienic, and confiscated

"If you want to go back, I won't blame you," he said. "You can take the

in his very first week -- why did Snape hate him so much? "Cheer up,"
On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Hermione. As they
forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to
remember that. Now, why don't you put that admirable cloak back on and
of blankets.
roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon
Second, different are those who stand at either end,

say a word. Like Hermione, she felt they deserved what they'd got.
I've never seen anything like it. Was that your first time on a


enjoy the sunshine."
"Ah - your father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought
She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping


the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.
Muggle chess except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot
two, because Quidditch practice had started again.

Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung
that? And (two minutes to go) what was that funny crunching noise? Was
the car, and disappeared.
"I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley."



house cup and the Quidditch cup -- I'm Quidditch captain, too.
turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for
steep, narrow path. It was so dark on either side of them that Hermione
which gave Hermione time to dry his eyes on the sheet. When he had found

bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus. All they really
beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm. Then he
lecturin' them, eh? 'Snot your place ter do that. Yeh've done yer bit,
tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold
"Yeh could've died!" sobbed Hagrid. "An' don' say the name!"
boy, they looked like bodyguards.
knock players off their brooms. That's why you have two Beaters on each
like cats, they make me sneeze. I'll get yer an owl. All the kids want
Uncle Vernon's rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four



"Good evening to you, Hagrid," said Ronan. He had a deep, sorrowful
into the air and off into the night.



anyway?"

"ALL WHAT?" Hagrid thundered. "Now wait jus' one second!"


hour, night had really fallen and they couldn't carry on.

in a heap. His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and

the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.
He waited until Quirrell's footsteps had disappeared, then peered into
Hermione couldn't speak, but Hagrid understood.
hut. Then they heard a distant shout.

Dursleys' car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to
THE MAN WITH TWO FACES
Hagrid's jacket for the last five minutes.
tell me... things I want to know the truth about...."
common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the
The trees were so thick he couldn't see where Snape had gone. He flew in





difficulty -- and were off.
a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the stool she
secret? I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes,
"Wingardium Leviosa!"

"I'm coming with you," she said.

"Professor Quirrell!" said Hagrid. "Hermione, Professor Quirrell will be
"Aargh! It's all right, he only got my boot -- jus' playin' -- he's only
"Hagrid -- what's that?"
shelves, the happier he seemed to become.
As they entered November, the weather turned very cold. The mountains
were all really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. And you
Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Hermione's new
fork in the earth path, and Hermione, Harry, and Hagrid took the left
pile of homework the day before.
Mars Bars as he could carry -- but the woman didn't have Mars Bars. What
"Bless my soul," whispered the old bartender, "Hermione Potter... what an


want it? You can start collecting."

every morning, askin' fer advice."
"Probably," said Hermione. "They don't look very vicious, but I suppose if



uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so

who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing
"You've got to eat some breakfast."
"Is it true?" he said. "They're saying all down the train that Hermione
old sweater of Dudley's (brown with orange puff balls) -- The harder she
drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did
Hermione listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up


the top row. As a surprise for Hermione, they had painted a large banner on
all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had
came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table
giant. Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said,
Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.


hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding,
corner was Dudley's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot
"You don't understand, Professor. Hermione Potter's coming -- he's got a
important stuff fer him. Fetchin' you gettin' things from Gringotts --
right - talk about showing Slytherin! Everyone's waiting for you in the
had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville had
was. He was rattled. He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping
Hermione couldn't believe anyone could be so interfering.
before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling,


"You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said

"Why? Blimey, Hermione, everyone'd be wantin' magic solutions to their
"No, we're in a hurry. Hagrid, I've got to ask you something. You know
stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.

dear," and Hermione, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy,
full of ordinary people. Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley,
corridor and disappeared from view.
Hermione's mouth fell open. The dishes in front of him were now piled with
They passed different groups of people hurrying in different directions.


As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. After all,
Hermione took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle. He turned to

clicked it. The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He
but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its


hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick -- he hit the field


knowing you've got a broomstick or they'll all want one. Oliver Wood
Hagrid shuffled off.
"See you later, then," said Hermione.
something for Gringotts," said Ron. "Did you hear about
"Yes..." said Dumbledore dreamily. "Funny, the way people's minds work,

Every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces showed no mercy.
I bet you'll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won't you,
"Got it here somewhere," said Hagrid, and he started emptying his



you can say 'Quidditch.' Come on, dear."
wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying Hagrid's bag.


fumbling in their panic. Hermione pulled the door open and they ran inside.
boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling. For some reason, the back of
"We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all," said Harry.
every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a
hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon
Harry left.
annoying singsong voice.
what's he after? What's that dog guarding?"
"You won't be. There's loads of people who come from Muggle families and
"Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can't believe I'm meeting you at last."
Wouldn't it be better just to go home, dear?" Aunt Petunia suggested
"Get off, Scabbers! He's chewing my sheets."
himself.
seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first wand. Ten
meant... you really are a natural. I'm just going to teach you the rules

He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Hermione noticed, very
"That's friendly," said Hermione.
sounding just like Professor Quirrell.
Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.



Hermione saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and
she had been wanting to say all this for years.
the floor. "Right then, Mr. Potter. Try this one. Beechwood and dragon

Professor McGonagall. "I'm very disappointed in you. If you're not hurt



what is to come in the movements of the planets?"
the dog's noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it
"Okay, men," he said.

--"
Charlie's friends were a cheery lot. They showed Hermione and Harry the
"Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said Ron. "Maybe
that weren't really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending. It
anyone (except perhaps the Weasley twins) and could pop up as suddenly
Ron. "And have you really got -- you know..."
"Don't want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an early

It was Harry who spoke first.
in the entrance hall.
our kind, weren't they?"
were swaying darkly in the distance.

in our first week. See you."
want a bet? What about you, Weasley?"
groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once
lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them. It was full of small,
blood has strengthened me, these past weeks... you saw faithful Quirrell
"One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore. "Another Christmas

kitchen door behind them. Hermione and Dudley promptly had a furious but
Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Hermione
Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.

looked desperate to start proving that she wasn't a dunderhead.



Still, you weren't eleven every day.
1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)

Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some
hours later, Hermione's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the
"Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing Voldemort cannot


then."

Hermione made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out

the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.
found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.
Gryffindor in the lead. He'd done it, he'd shown Snape....

it back inside the crate, "it's too dark, we might lose it. Let's try
When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table

ter the castle an' pack. Go on"'
I'll eat myself if you can find


"Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Hagrid, clapping his great
"Mad?" said Percy airily. "He's a genius! Best wizard in the world! But
hand. Ron and Harry's cheers echoed around the high chamber.
If he finds all three of us I'll tell him the truth, that I was trying
these exams to get into the second year? They're very important, I
"Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand. Eleven inches.
see, that's all.


of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Hermione
weren't going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time.


said. "We don't want you attacked before you have to be."
"How do you know about Fluffy?" he said.
the wall. "Really, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a
one can stand her," he said to Hermione as they pushed their way into the



"What is it?"
had always been able to kick him around like a football?
went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me

Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.
barrier between platforms nine and ten. Don't stop and don't be scared
it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella. Its spiny wings were huge


"Library books are not to be taken outside the school," said Snape.
"Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley."
to climb through the portrait hole was anyone's guess, because his legs
shelf, he ran for it. He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild
fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of
not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell


"Oh, honestly, don't you two read? Look -- read that, there."

The pain had gone as quickly as it had come. Harder to shake off was the
them... it'll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win."
gathered around her. Hermione noticed that she seemed to be speaking


to London tomorrow anyway, or I wouldn't bother."
At last, a great crunching noise announced Hagrid's return. Malfoy,

the broom tightly with both his hands and knees. He'd never felt
Hermione?"

Hagrid could see it. Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered
all, and his marks weren't bad.
and Fungi?
that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last
"Flew," said Hagrid.
blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a
Percy was in his element.

"I don't want anything."
Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out.
"You're right Hermione," said Harry in a small voice.
But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something

"You don't know that you'll make a fool of yourself," said Ron

"Lucky!" shrieked Harry. "Look at you both!"

Hermione stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn't


twins.
inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
Hermione quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed
Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. "I know... I
Wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key,
enough to drink something else -- something that will bring you back to
understand them, like a slug.
"What have we got today?" Hermione asked Ron as he poured sugar on his
After lunch they went to the reptile house. It was cool and dark in
learn that even people like Ron didn't have much of a head start.
couldn't. He started having nightmares. Over and over again he dreamed
room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when
that's why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts!"
The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale

jewels at the very least -- but at first he thought it was empty. Then
pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very
"Bye-bye, Norbert!" Hagrid sobbed, as Hermione and Harry covered the
come they did. To their great surprise, both he and Ron passed with good
freeze where he stood. A bush on the edge of the clearing quivered....
the door and up the next passageway.

"The Sorcerer's Stone! Of course -- the Elixir of Life! But I don't
It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the
"Do you think it's a ghost?"
"You -- Potter -- why didn't you tell him not to add the quills? Thought
What good's that ter anyone? Yeh'll do summat useful or Yeh'll get out.
"I've never asked," said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.
Those cunning folk use any means
Someone knocked into Hermione as they hurried past him. It was Harry.
Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced


Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on
handing out sweets.
talk."
Sorted, I suppose?"
"Are you sure that's a real spell?" said the girl. "Well, it's not very
'there's no wood,' honestly."
not wanted at home."
Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.
"Miss Granger!"
shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each
Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the
"Can't tell yeh that," said Hagrid mysteriously. "Very secret. Hogwarts
harness they'd rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them.


He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair. Malfoy looked
him!"




weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large
Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even the endless rain that
"NEVER!"
Snape, however, was not pleased.
Leg-Locker Curse. He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to

make them forget."
weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Hermione
filled the whole space between ceiling and floor. It had three heads.
didn' want it ter go ter any old home.... So I told him, after Fluffy, a
still ringing in his ears.


reminding of that on his first day at school."
"I knew it! I knew it!"



"Yes and no," said Dumbledore quietly. "It shows us nothing more or less
-- only joking, Professor -- Slytherins score -- A no...



"Hermione Potter, "chorused the twins.
clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing. Professor McGonagall slammed
Harry's eyes were wide.
"I do feel so sorry," said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, "for all

Hermione turned to Harry.
house player in about a century, said Hermione, shoveling pie into his
very tasty.
"Wish McGonagall favored us, " said Hermione. Professor McGonagall was head


"Now what am I going to do?" she asked shrilly.

ordinary cut. That's what yeh get when a Powerful, evil curse touches
like an eagle up there -- he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent
would never know.

"So what is Quidditch?"
off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster
plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside. Hermione pulled a wizard


started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.
finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind. He put the
And she left, taking the toadless boy with her.
They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Hagrid
"So you must know loads of magic already."
Quirrell moved close behind him. Hermione breathed in the funny smell that
bank, and Hermione were just a few of his favorite subjects. This morning,
But before Hermione could answer, Madam Malkin said, "That's you done, my


father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was
beaverskin boots.

Hermione, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at
"Hermione's is better than ours, though," said Fred, holding up Hermione's
mouth, as Hermione streaked toward the ground like a bullet.
his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there

you know what's good for you," said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this
his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.
flopped under a tree. The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the
muttering about time wasters. Hermione was now trying hard not to panic.
Hermione realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.
his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain. When he turned
"But what should we do, Vernon? Should we write back? Tell them we don't
light came from. He couldn't remember his parents at all. His aunt and
because Dudley had sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. They

pain in Hermione's head was building -- he couldn't see -- he could only
place of three of the black pieces...."
Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.


Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.
cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).
He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier. It looked very
Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.
inside exploded a rear admiral's hat and several live, white mice. Up at

Dursley. The Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about
It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don't want everybody
crate. About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out
London at once."
day. People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look
of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of
-- Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.
He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley




"We're coming," said Harry.

He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without
Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Hermione's
"Hermione. Nasty, common name, if you ask me."
Ron examined the lock on the door.
their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through
smile, which looked quite painful.
"Shut up, both of you!" said Hermione sharply. I heard something."

championship this year? Gryffindors have never gone so long without
out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and

was trying to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to
The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just
joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.
over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.
that I've got it," he added.
"Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves," he said.
down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.
nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the
Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging

When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville.
package from Hermione and felt it.
"Well, of course, that was the headmaster, quite different. You need

The other two stared at him. He was pale and his eyes were glittering.
something like this... but he's in London... I'll be far away by the
Marcus
"It's our sport. Wizard sport. It's like -- like soccer in the Muggle
Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.


for another body to share... not being truly alive, he cannot be killed.

"All right, keep your hair on."
"Seeker?" he said. "But first years never -- you must be the youngest
A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor

It's really very selfish of you."
The lock clicked and the door swung open -- they piled through it, shut

Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.
thought Voldemort could hear them.
showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.
Dumbledore'll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldn't help
"Hey, look -- Hermione's got a Weasley sweater, too!"
Hagrid bit his lip.

school grounds and every now and then he gets drunk, tries to do magic,
work on you, an' that's why yer famous, Hermione. No one ever lived after
Hermione had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to
purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and

Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Hermione realized that the
dropped.


A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as
them all forward.

tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect


next to him instead of that castle."


"Yeah... he asked what I did, an' I told him I was gamekeeper here....
"Another Weasley, eh?" said Hagrid, glancing at Ron's freckles. I spent
"Couldn't make us a cup o' tea, could yeh? It's not been an easy
mine's always maroon."
who lived!"




Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his
which was still staring at him from the other end of the street. For
swallow."
forbidden forest. A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the
ter put it out of its misery."
nowhere as he pulled off Hermione's invisibility cloak. He had been down at
he snorted. He bent down over the fireplace; they couldn't see what he

him behind their cauldron.
Hermione's broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few

humbugs.
smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley
Malfoy looked at him.

the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and
Hermione's mind was racing.
Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Hermione coming back from the barbers looking
Hagrid looked furious with himself.
up knowin' yer name if his parents are wizardin' folk. You saw what


"Come on," he said to Ron. He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady
"You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no -- even the Muggles
You might belong in Hufflepuff,
as Harry. They piled so much homework on them that the Easter
as they trudged back up to the castle. "I wouldn't be surprised if you
"You two wait here!" Hagrid shouted. "Stay on the path, I'll come back
teeth on a silver sickle embedded in his slice. Hermione watched Hagrid


through her long, pointed nose.
"We've got lessons, we'll get into trouble, and that's nothing to what


Remembrall I wouln't be on the team...."
"Can't be too careful, Ronan," said Hagrid, patting his crossbow.
be copying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, he'd
mirror, I should see myseff finding it -- which means I'll see where
explain this, Harry said, "That's just the exams. I woke up last
"Oh, a fair few... Keep themselves to themselves mostly, but they're




easily back into its frame. The noise of the storm outside dropped a

anything to be up here. Today he'd rather be back in his cupboard with
points will be taken from Gryffindor."
"Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts," said Hagrid fiercely.
What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he
"I almost told your brother," Harry snapped, "Percy -- he's a

I demand that you leave at once, sit!" he said. "You are breaking and
where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.
was keep close behind him. They passed book shops and music stores,
minute or two to pass. When he looked up, the figure had gone. A centaur

yeh, Ronan, 'cause there's a unicorn bin hurt -- you seen anythin'?"
Saturday? They can meet you there and take him away while it's still

Their mother suddenly became very stern.
he?"
So he knew. The feeling suddenly surged back into Hermione's legs. He
"There's summat bad loose in this forest. This is Hermione Potter an'


For I'm a Thinking Cap!"
Hermione and Ron wouldn't have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the
Harry jumped to her feet. She hadn't looked so excited since they'd
really flying -- dodges a speeding Bludger -- the goal posts are ahead
done for! This is the end!" They could hear footsteps, Filch running as

Potter!"
Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. Dudley was in

towering Gryffindor lion took its place. Snape was shaking Professor

taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win Gryffindor five
feet, and Hermione was just wondering how much farther they had to go when
it. It's nothin' to you what that dog's guardin'."

class into pairs to practice. Hermione's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which
-- he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a

it, the other a G.
Heart hammering, Hermione pushed his cart after them. They stopped and so
and tiptoed toward the trophy room.

real pocket. Somehow -- incredibly -- he'd gotten the Stone.
know that Ron and Harry had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker
from every page were his mother and father.
brushed the ceiling. He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it
led the way to the broken-down house.
She said all this very fast.

pale green by now. Hermione crossed his fingers under the table and a
portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and found herself facing an
has got to keep an eye on Snape -- wait outside the staff room and
slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..."
smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was talking to the old
Harry buried her face in her arms; Hermione strongly suspected she had
was tremblin' ter meet yeh -- mind you, he's usually tremblin'."

threatening you...."

onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose
been years since he'd really cried -- but he knew that if he screwed up
"Yes -- of course -- but there's no wood!" Harry cried, wringing her
yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around
"Destroyed?" said Hermione blankly. "But your friend -- Nicolas Flamel --"
knew that the only reason they weren't already dead was that their
His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and
vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.


He held out an enormous hand and shook Hermione's whole arm.
"He was provoked, Professor Snape," said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy
down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look


"No -- no -- not again, please --"
muttered, "I should have known."
plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat.
almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like. He was just
"POTTER!"
threatening to tell her what really bit me -- I've told her it was a
"He is," said the first twin. "Aren't you?" he added to Hermione.
and wiping his forehead. Neville was bent double, wheezing and

onto their shoulders; Ron and Harry in the distance, jumping up and
Neville, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or
"What!" Ron looked dumbfounded. "Oh, you wait, it's the best game in the
All the same, he'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that Snape had
trouble, send up red sparks, an' we'll all come an' find yeh -- so, be
send me there, can't you see his knight? Send him, we can afford to lose

Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan. He looked skyward. "Mars is
castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they
COURSE BOOKS
just do your best, we'll do the rest,

to -- everyone knows he's after Quirrell's job. Knows an awful lot about
going to be brilliant. You must be good, Hermione, Wood was almost skipping

the wrong hands... well, if I'd known what that wand was going out into


owls, they're dead useful, carry yer mail an' everythin'."

his neck prickled. The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle


and circled beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell.
"Mom -- geroff" He wriggled free.

Dumbledore's face had disappeared.
head looked strangely small without it. Then he turned slowly on the


job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts Dumbledore with owls
"I know I don't have to. Tell yeh what, I'll get yer animal. Not a toad,
open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in. Hermione stuffed the cloak

"Do you mean," Hermione croaked, "that was Vol-"
exercise -- unless of course it involved punching somebody. Dudley's
"Do you?" said the boy, with a slight sneer. "Why is he with you? Where

everywhere? Can't get rid of her -- Fitch puts her up to it."
"The whole school's out there!" said Fred Weasley, peering out of the
Harry would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was
she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but she didn't pick them up.

Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four.
because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.
attack Hagrid's coat.

wouldn't budge, not even when Harry tried her Alohomora charm.
He sat up and Hagrid's heavy coat fell off him. The hut was full of
CHAPTER ELEVEN

They didn't meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the

eyes glittered wickedly. "It's for your own good, you know."

Ridgeback, but it won't be easy getting him here. I think the best thing
you? He was never going to meet you -- Filch knew someone was going to
what you're doing."

her mouth open with terror.
It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A wizened

the Ages. Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for
everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing

Hermione could see three letters addressed in green ink.
"Was it nice there?"
dormitories. Hermione and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks

Five minutes to go. Hermione heard something creak outside. He hoped the

are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around. You know what
"Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks

want to see my parents."
sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting
the crack between door and floor.
he fell over on his way to the stool. The hat took a long time to decide
"0' course I cant, he said. "Number one, I don' know meself. Number two,


back to his legs.
"HUFFLEPUFF!"
it at some point, but it'll taste all right."
here lately? There's a unicorn bin injured -- would yeh know anythin'
it's guardin', that's between Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel

"You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was
scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.
for them somewhere else, because they didn't see him anywhere, but they
Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy's elbow.
"I'll never remember this," Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down



has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on

P-P-Potter?" He laughed nervously. "You'll be g-getting all your

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
start."
"That Quidditch cup'll have our name on it this year," said Wood happily

hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since
afternoon. "Wood told me."
surrounding a large letter H.
shopping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as

-- two --"
Hermione could have laughed out loud with relief He was safe. There was
its feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull
There he was, reflected in it, white and scared-looking, and there,
black boarhound.

couldn't see them.

"How did I get the Stone out of the mirror?"
Hermione was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his
the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.

the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.
who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?"
"It was you."

"See what I have become?" the face said. "Mere shadow and vapor ... I
When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food


them, you know, to collect -- famous witches and wizards. I've got about
and gathered up the fallen books. I suggest you all go back outside and



the ear.

"Yer ticket fer Hogwarts, " he said. "First o' September -- King's Cross

must be five floors above there.
astonishing sight.
now be prepared. It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live,
sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening
close to Hermione's, "I'm warning you now, boy -- any funny business,
while Hermione and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a

Peeves cackled.

He looked very pleased with himself, but Harry didn't.
"Can't stay long, Mother," he said. "I'm up front, the prefects have got
on the table.
first really fine day they'd had in months. The sky was a clear,
didn't realize what he had seen -- then he jerked his head around to
They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other
"Go on then, try and hit me!" said Neville, raising his fists. "I'm

"Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and

hides many secrets."

of Gryffindor House, but it hadn't stopped her from giving them a huge
which was worse -- people telling him he'd be brilliant or people
great, shaggy head over Hermione and gave him what must have been a very

an' Harry'll go one way an' Draco, Neville, an' Fang'll go the other.
broomsticks in it. "Look," Hermione heard one of them say, "the new Nimbus
grin through the gap in his mother's arms.
"Follow me," said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them outside.
one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined. It said Potter for President, and
At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it
receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking... no, he was
events must be taken into account."

house points the next day thought there'd been a mistake. How could they
-- there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a

gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.
He opened the crate. Inside were four different-sized balls.
us -- if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own --"

"That's your problem, isn't it?" said Filch, his voice cracking with
Hermione had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place. It was

middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in

"Get the mail, Hermione."



more thing, however."


He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he
still growling inside. Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper,

Hermione didn't move.
"Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?" said one of the twins, with an air of
Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.
railway tracks on the floor. Griphook whistled and a small cart came
It wasn't Mrs. Norris. It was Neville. He was curled up on the floor,
and ends up setting fire to his bed."

"So this is Dumbledore!" said Hermione.
Gryffindor is in the lead!" shrieked Harry, dancing up and down on
You-Know-Who has gone -"
"Sony?" barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back
but I'm no match for him, really."
"What if he's --?"
like directing troops in battle. Ron's set was very old and battered.
months. The castle felt more like home than Privet Drive ever had. His
of a large walnut. It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver
mastered the basics.
Slytherin."

"And you're not sitting with the prefects today, either," said



night with his family. Nothing at all.
"Of course not," said Harry briskly. "How do you think you'd get to


had vanished. The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering
"Spells -- enchantments," said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he


streak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too. Neck

Little Whinging

you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death -- if you aren't
"Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power,
Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was
"Potter!" said Snape suddenly. "What would I get if I added powdered
had said.


At five to three they left the castle and made their way across the
"All right -please."
wrist, told Hermione he'd be eleven in ten minutes' time. He lay and

You just wait. All right, we'll take you to King's Cross. We're going up
up at the school?"

please, and can we go more slowly?"
they caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had y caught

Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.
Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting

Hermione had the best morning he'd had in a long time. He was careful to


the car, and off they went again. The same thing happened in the middle
sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the
They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li- brary

jostled them as they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle

"S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and
are your parents?"
Hermione, Ron, and Harry didn't speak to each other at all until they
"What's this stuff?" were his first words.

Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air --

"They're in here somewhere," they heard him mutter, "probably hiding."
"I've just thought -- Harry."


"Look --" he murmured, holding out his arm to stop Malfoy.
remember, and the first question he could ever remember asking his Aunt
But Hermione only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in
in."


to lower their voices as they insulted him. Slytherins, on the other
"Want a hand?" It was one of the red-haired twins he'd followed through

"We're looking for a big, old-fashioned one -- probably silver, like the
Hagrid looked shocked.


Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were
Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to
know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and
silently over the castle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run. He

As seven o'clock drew nearer, Hermione left the castle and set off in the

"That's a broomstick," he said, throwing it back to Hermione with a mixture


the sea gleamed in the sunlight. The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was
"Should call Filch, I should, if something's a-creeping around unseen."
his mind off his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of
of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy."
ground like some stalking beast. Hermione, Malfoy, and Fang stood
then walked away without a word. The weirdest thing about all these



terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.
green had waved merrily at him once on a bus. A bald man in a very long
see them all there.

It's just astounding... of all the things to stop him... but how in the
closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell
could sell you a magic wand. This was just an ordinary street full of
Hermione's did.
furiously toward Marcus Flint.

He swooped suddenly at them. They all ducked.
going at all the way he wanted.
"Ah yes," said the man. "Yes, yes. I thought I'd be seeing you soon.
yet, do they?"

"That's enough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now."
"All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face.
examine the unicorn. "You are safe now."

"Hermione, relax, Harry's right, the Stone's safe as long as
"You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?" said
"I'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!" said Hagrid hotly. "I don' know why

say to comfort him. He knew Neville, like himself, was dreading the
agree."
THE VANISHING GLASS

"Who? "
Hermione turned over his card and read:
"AAAAAAAAAARGH!"
their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as
that he was getting the loudest cheer yet. Percy the Prefect got up and

was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say
"It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.
Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk
was a lot bigger than Hermione's.

mirror. Sure enough, his reflection looked back at him, just his head
call her Hedwig, a name he had found in A History of Magic. His school
vault seven hundred and thirteen."
"You don't mean -- you can't mean the people who live here?" cried
sorry."
he'd make you look good if he got it wrong, did you? That's another
Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth and last ball.

"Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn't see you there."
"Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself
study before yeh get ter that level."
lots of people called Potter who had a son called Hermione. Come to think
"An' as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, I'd like ter introduce her to Fang
lie."
sparks at each other. Neither of you knows enough magic to do any real
Mr. Ollivander had come so close that he and Hermione were almost nose to
them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping

In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on
It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving
single witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin.
climbed two floors up. It was a relief to be away from the smell of the
frog? I might get Agrippa -- thanks
"Don't ask questions!" snapped his uncle. "Take this stuff upstairs,
The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on. Hermione
At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a
"Prefects," he rumbled, "lead your Houses back to the dormitories
stumbled backward.
drew closer, he heard Quirrell's voice.
They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. Every now and then a
"I've already got us some rations," said Uncle Vernon, "so all aboard!"
"Sorry," he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. It
"Are we allowed to speak yet?" said Ron grumpily. Harry ignored him.
desktop. Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and

"Why aren't you wearing yours, Ron?" George demanded. "Come on, get it

Hermione tried to shut the door quietly, but --
Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other
how the other teachers had guarded it. He probably knew everything --
trick was that it reflected them, invisible or not?

"Nice to see you haven't been brooding about that mirror... been keeping
halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them.

"Comb your hair!" he barked, by way of a morning greeting.
"Hurry up!" their mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the
"Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can't tell you, Diggle's the name, Dedalus
ahead. They couldn't see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor


out in the Slytherin colors of green and silver to celebrate Slytherin's
"Of course," said Quirrell coolly. "\Why do you think he wanted to

potionmaking," he began. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but
Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening
Bott's Every Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come
"Hogwarts, clear?" she said, when Hermione started to speak. "Got the lot

kitchen.
A white pawn had moved forward two squares.
invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk. Hermione
I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
say he was just a famous name any more. The evening air had never

clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him
got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened
"You have his key, Sir?"
Yet Hermione couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes
impatiently. "Unusually bright."
Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus
"Who'd be writing to you?" sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open
Harry Granger, by the way. Students up at the school. An' this is

"Boot, Terry!"
"We won! You won! We won!" shouted Ron, thumping Hermione on the back. "And

first."
"Snape's done it, then!" said Ron. "If Quirrell's told him how to break
time," he added quickly, "you know, with five of us."
"Oh, all right," he snapped. "But Percy'd better not see us."

But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the
kill you. Makes yeh even more famous. That's the biggest myst'ry, see...
place. It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon's car
thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were
a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia


The next chamber was so dark they couldn't see anything at all. But as
open the yellow envelope.

"Sorry," he said. "But it's that sad -- knew yer mum an' dad, an' nicer
and what a waste of time, when after all that, I'm going to kill you
Harry always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron
disgust. "I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more

Dear Ron,
their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didn't
A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the
tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfay like a javelin. Malfoy
under this big one from Mommy and Daddy."

twins.

watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley,


with the wrong sort. I can help you there."
scuttled back to their corner. "How could a car crash kill Lily an'
Whispers followed Hermione from the moment he left his dormitory the next
"The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said Hagrid.

Potter, we owe you one!"
Hermione sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor's tank
Hermione was suddenly the most hated. Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs

"But we don't feet like leaving, do we, boys? We've eaten all our food
"Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?" Seamus whispered.
wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite

what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don' want no one takin' risks. Follow
"If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they'd be sucked through
reflections were so close together, but he felt only air -- she and the
scrawled across it was To Hermione, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut
circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he

just not the same, they've never been brought up to know our ways. Some
"HAVE YOU GONE MAD?" Ron bellowed. "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?"
just as -- as -- abnormal -- and then, if you please, she went and got
on, they're lovely and warm."
was at all. There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he

turban straight into Hermione's eyes -- and a sharp, hot pain shot across
At last she found what she was looking for.

"Where?"
matter with you? You look terrible."

Hermione then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He
wonder Snape's after it! Anyone would want it."

complain about things: people at work, Hermione, the council, Hermione, the
directions. There's blood all over the place, it must've bin staggerin'
"I'm not hungry."
"DURSLEY!" he boomed.



things gray for you. It'll look just like everyone else's when I've
determined not to mention anything to his wife.
"It's not any old broomstick," he said, "it's a Nimbus Two Thousand.
dream.
to one side. He looked as if he'd been knocked out.

floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.
it.
Quirrell's voice trailed away. Hermione was remembering his trip to Diagon
know why, but they made him uneasy. This bunch were whispering
"I haven't got any money -- and you heard Uncle Vernon last night ... he
Fluffy."
"Someone was lookin' through the gap in the curtains -- it's a kid --
Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week
broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!"

Hermione. smiled weakly. Yes, trying on the hat was a lot better than
"It's lucky it's dark. I haven't blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey
"Shan't say nothing if you don't say please," said Peeves in his

"Ah, Hagrid, the last tree -- put it in the far corner, would you?"
the Dark Arts, Snape."

slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have

that.
CHAPTER TEN

"I'm not ill," said Hermione. "I think it's a warning... it means danger's
had blocked Hermione on purpose, and Hermione's broom spun off course, Hermione
"Thank goodness you found me! I've been out here for hours, I couldn't
Hermione, Ron, and Harry looked at one another, wondering what to tell

front door.
when he said that.
nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.
It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Hermione's
nose, and Hermione's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it
him any second, but nothing happened. He reached the door untouched. He
He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and
The next morning dawned very bright and cold. The Great Hall was full of

one terrible moment there, I was afraid it had. As for the Stone, it has
they got near him, the broom would jump higher still. They dropped lower
been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.
OTHER EQUIPMENT
Dumbledore took Hermione in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys' house.

we saw him -- he's after whatever it's guarding! And Id bet my

"Neville," she said, "I'm really, really sorry about this."
Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Hermione had

Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)
It was only then that Hermione realized what was standing behind Quirrell.
a second chance --"
when he was here."



great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to

"It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Harry, but this
"Or both," said Hermione.
leaned against the wall, breathing deeply, listening to their footsteps
Hermione ignored her. Blood was pounding in his ears. He mounted the broom
"Morning," said Hagrid to a free goblin. "We've come ter take some money
have got you off that broom. I'd have managed it before then if Snape
"You, too," said Hermione. "Will you look at this? I've got some presents!"
There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.

busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something. But he did seem to
Thief, you have been warned, beware
doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him,
Nicolas Flamel was.
this?"
"What are you looking for, boy?"
Aunt Petunia looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon.
and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long

pointing to a very lumpy parcel. "My mom. I told her you didn't expect
Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Hermione mounted his broomstick
down the corridor outside -- stuffing the shrieking book back on the

Hermione was faster than Higgs -- he could see the little round ball, wings
"No, thanks," said Hermione. "The poor toilet's never had anything as

Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had
GRYFFINDORS SCORE!"
On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin
near the top.
"He's late, maybe he's chickened out," Ron whispered.

escape.

about Mrs. Next Door's problems with her daughter and how Dudley had
a desk. Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox
too many close shaves already. Filch, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are
"A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying!" said Hermione. "No
"Yeh don' know what yeh are?" he said finally.
thick black trees. A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into
Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasn't that. The books
in our world will know his name!"

in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.
Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the
It might've been happening while we were there!"
Hermione."
Harry whisper, "Its bewitched to look like the sky outside. I read
he has left now."
Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the
uniform of scarlet and gold, was -
Hagrid gulped, but no words came out.
Surrey
"Doi* push it," he muttered, "I've heard Snape can turn very nasty."
UNIFORM
particularly dense patch of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly

"He is with me wherever I go," said Quirrell quietly. "I met him when I
down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto
suddenly and silently you'd have thought he'd just popped out of the

"Hermione, you need your strength," said Seamus Finnigan. "Seekers are
"Starving," said Hermione, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.
When he had been younger, Hermione had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown


"My father's next door buying my books and mother's up the street
"I start training next week," said Hermione. "Only don't tell anyone, Wood
letter? These people will never understand him! He'll be famous -- a

The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron's eyes, but Harry

He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was smiling
four-poster. Hermione leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the
Harry.
"Never," said Hagrid irritably, "try an' get a straight answer out of a
for Gryffindor, didn't it? And where's Malfoy? In stinking Slytherin."
lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon's sister Marge, who was

back... and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his


clearly not as fierce as he looked.
Hermione and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that

Harry ignored him and spoke to Hermione.

He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Hermione
you, we did save her."
sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.
joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds. "I needn't have
Hermione stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and
"Hagrid," said Hermione loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's going to
it all. "And they play with the Quaffle. Okay, got that. So what are

"Can't you --?"


"Knuts?"

Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk
"How could a troll get in?" Hermione asked as they climbed the stairs.
the scar on Hermione's forehead.

to steal whatever it's guarding."
chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy

"Now, wait quietly, Potter. I need to examine this interesting mirror.
"I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore," he invented. "I -- I've
realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat,
"Say that again," Ron said, his face as red as his hair.
The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and
"Which means, Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even
"It's not my fault," said Wood. "We've just got to make sure we play a
-- well, he didn't think he could bear it.
They looked at each other.
"Just one," said Harry. "And that reminds me -Hermione, Ron, we've got
transfixed. The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head

into his car and backed out of number four's drive.

sent it.
Hermione couldn't sleep, but the truth was that Hermione kept being woken by
to."

pin it to the ground.
Pomfrey -- would she recognize a dragon bite? By the afternoon, though,

"Well, a second's there to take over if you die," said Ron casually,
You-Know-Who's behind it."
I'll take over from here."
"I'm Ron Weasley," Ron muttered.
they didn't fail. He had a plan.


"So why did he just try and kill Hermione?" cried Harry.

turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn't do anything.
looked like a baby angel -- Hermione often said that Dudley looked like a
upon them:

"Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone
Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Hermione to keep his head bowed in case of

"You're only holding the Quidditch cup, what's interesting about that? I
ceiling. He took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a

now."
them.
"Yeh don' know... yeh don' know..." Hagrid ran his fingers through his
upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled
Slytherin House. They say he always favors them -- we'll be able to see





took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the
cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't take his eyes off you."
the Quidditch pitch. Many students had binoculars. The seats might be

THE BOY WHO LIVED
feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the


they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed. Hagrid
How very wrong he was.
"Please wait quietly."

"Everyone here? You there, still got yer toad?"

robes stood there. She had a very stern face and Hermione's first thought

His face fell.

"Well -- I was lucky once, wasn't I?" said Hermione, pointing at his scar.
now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too. For a few seconds, there
hopped down from the footstool.
ahead.
lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had
"I have business here, Peeves," croaked Hermione. "Stay away from this

"Not if you don't give us away, Peeves, please."

-- he had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out -- and then he

whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on




"Oh, yes," said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. "Yes, I quite
but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and
"He's got lots o' rats an' some brandy fer the journey," said Hagrid in

Hermione struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn't give. He
than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have
many people wander around with dragon eggs if it's against wizard law?
"Really? What happened to them?"


Firenze. "Only one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain,
other twin. "Once --"

the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large

whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
team -- the Weasley twins are ours -- it's their job to protect their
Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the
scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the
"P-P-Potter," stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Hermione's hand,
"Still got yer letter, Hermione?" he asked as he counted stitches. Hermione
Harry almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.
got no money -- you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering

wave of his wand. "I suppose you added the porcupine quills before
-- and the door was already ajar.
television and gave him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though
read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C. A single wand lay
BOOM. They knocked again. Dudley jerked awake. "Where's the cannon?" he


"Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the troll if



a cup of tea with me around three?
Will always find their kind;




Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. Percy nearly broke his
front window. Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Hermione and pointing
everybody else was very pleased when Harry's lecture was interrupted

long, white finger.
loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words: Your
behind his back.
boys, all with flaming red hair. Each of them was pushing a trunk like

The door swung open at once. A tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green

over four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting.

corridor on the third floor. He wouldn't believe they were lost, was

"Come here," Quirrell repeated. "Look in the mirror and tell me what you
had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.


"Out, Peeves!" she barked. Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which
Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn't
"Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Harry," said Hermione as he
staircase, then another -- even one of Hermione's shortcuts didn't make the
The club flew suddenly out of the troll's hand, rose high, high up into

out of sight.
have a few start-of-term notices to give you.
"I can't," said Hermione. "There isn't a reserve Seeker. If I back out,
"Nicolas Flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known maker
Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet,
"Look, if you don't hurry up, he'll already have the Stone!"
Hermione, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his
Hermione had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner. A hundred
"'Scuse me, but is one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I got about an 'undred
returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Hermione broke in
as if Norbert's fangs were poisonous.

Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching,




three-headed dog. So what do we do, Hermione?"
Magical Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. And
The Quidditch season had begun. On Saturday, Hermione would be playing in
he looked along the bottom shelf for an interestinglooking book. A large
"Unless you'd like to tell us and save us the trouble?" Hermione added. "We
without everyone watching. The hat seemed to be asking rather alot;
Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted -- so did Fang. The hooded


Hermione learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a
his hand. He rammed it into the lock and turned -- it worked. The moment
almost unseated him.
"c-can't t-tell you how p- pleased I am to meet you."

voice. "Were you going to shoot me?"
and Hermione knew at once that Snape's feelings toward him hadn't changed
nagging at the back of his mind all day. Not until he climbed into bed
the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air
lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so
them in the doorway. It wasn't ordinary fire either; it was purple. At



horn and tail hair in Potions."
"Is he -- a bit mad?" he asked Percy uncertainly.
"Could you write it down?" Hermione suggested.

a joke. His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said
and Hermione was relieved to see that he was smiling.
"You're saying it wrong," Hermione heard Harry snap. "It's Wing-gar-dium
common room, we're having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and
all yer stuff fer school."
the hall.

got the pieces, though," he added brightly.
Nicolas Flamel."
"I'm sorry, Hermione!" she wailed. "Snape came out and asked me what I was
from Harry.
unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice. "It all gets so

trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him. Hermione thought
hatching?"
my liking for them -- but I think I'll be safe with a nice toffee, don't

a multilevel parking garage.

the dark leaves.


"Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not
points. Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go."
Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier he was
"Now, there's another player on each side who's called the Keeper -I'm
"We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested.
when he was trying to take over? There won't be any Hogwarts to get
One among us seven will let you move ahead,
Hermione pushed it open.
"You never told him? Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore
Quirrell snapped his fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped
didn't meet anyone.

Hermione turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that

came round the door. Ron and Hermione stood quite still, both thinking the
"We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Harry, rather bravely,

robes up over their noses. Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in
It looked like an unused classroom. The dark shapes of desks and chairs

although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten him on the
of it.
they passed, saying, "Dragon liver, seventeen Sickles an ounce, they're
She pushed the book toward them, and Hermione and Ron read: The ancient

will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to

"So we've just got to try on the hat!" Ron whispered to Hermione. "I'll

There have been many reports of the Sorcerer's Stone over the centuries,


which surely meant that the Stone was still safe. Whenever Hermione passed



Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken. The white

lot like yet dad, but yeh've got yet mom's eyes."
lonely."
"So what on earths Hagrid up to?" said Harry.


so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave
world --" And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the

telling me you've -- you've blown up a toilet or --"

"I -- I know I can't keep him forever, but I can't jus' dump him, I


"We must be miles under the school , she said.

Inferno, A Dragon Keeper's Guide."
"I've never seen Snape look so mean," he told Harry. "Look -they're

answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to, in which
who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his
"Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said Dumbledore,
McGonagall told Wood. "Didn't even scratch himself. Charlie Weasley

Hermione was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn't have anything to do
still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.
"A what?" said Hermione, interested.

but if I do, it's no big deal, because they did it first. You never get
to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts.
McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend he's not careless. He does
excitedly, too, and he couldn't see a single collecting tin. It was on
Hermione felt terrible. In an hour's time he'd be walking onto the field.

"It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said Hagrid
all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass
"I can't see anything."
Broomsticks! We've got to catch the key to the door!"

"A letter?" repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on
its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Hermione time to run around it.
might have told us prefects, at least."
borrowed Fluffy from me... then some o' the teachers did enchantments...

"It's obvious, isn't it?" said Ron. "We've got to play our way across
that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.
hands.
It will be quicker this way.
score a goal. Ten points every time the Quaffle goes through one of the

lay in gleaming folds. Ron gasped.
From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Hermione as
figure raised its head and looked right at Hermione -- unicorn blood was
for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent
cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.
"But this is servant stuff, it's not for students to do. I thought we'd
three-quarters."

"What do you see when you look in the mirror?"
A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.
put the cat out of his mind. As he drove toward town he thought of

"His name's Scabbers and he's useless, he hardly ever wakes up. Percy
say your father favored it -- it's really the wand that chooses the
bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut. The
"Er -- Uncle Vernon?"


through the grounds to the edge of the forest. Hagrid greeted them,
"Dunno, some sort of plant thing. I suppose it's here to break the fall.
"Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Harry muttered as Ron
however, was to be working with Harry Granger. It was hard to tell

"Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune," said the giant; he reached over
able to tell them, but they couldn't risk Snape hearing what they were
with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic -- no kid could do that to
talking-to the moment they sat down in her first class.
A horrible thought struck Hermione, as horrible thoughts always do when

"Gringotts," said Hagrid.
thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon

Meanwhile, in the locker room, Hermione and the rest of the team were
It seemed to be a handsome, leather-covered book. Hermione opened it
behind them.
Hermione jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as
go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's
Ron followed right away. He landed, sprawled next to Hermione.
very good omen. In their nervous state, every statue's shadow looked
on his chest with the letter P on it.
About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and


wand cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) set

he had no choice. The cut had turned a nasty shade of green. It looked
Hermione was reminded of Gringotts. With an unpleasant jolt of the heart,
"Wonder how long Potter's going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone
Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a
paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in
"Pig snout," they said and entered.
ever laid eyes on."
Ron up.
once: the shops, the things outside them, the people doing their
"You-Know-Who killed 'em. An' then -- an' this is the real myst'ry of
"Absolutely not."
to relax with Harry next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragon's



They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time came for him to say
A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped

anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the

because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist
you might like it." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "Useful things... your

looked as stumped as he was; Harry's hand had shot into the air.

this time. He grunted and offered him another rock cake. Hermione read the
He pointed at Hermione's forehead.

around the top: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi. His panic

Hermione's stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he saw, looked pale under

"There's nothin' that lives in the forest that'll hurt yeh if yer with
too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania to visit
"No -- he wouldn't, she said. "I know he's not very nice, but he
business." Hagrid drew himself up proudly. "He usually gets me ter do

"Oh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He was fine while he was

Harry was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone.
the other two. For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at

"Oh, shut up," said Harry, but she agreed to go and watch out for
could see a tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be going off

nervously. "Er -- Petunia, dear -- you haven't heard from your sister


"What has been going on?" she said, looking at the sweets all over the

"And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation's
And Firenze whisked around; with Hermione clutching on as best he could,
detention -- what could spoil their happiness?

what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is

even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price. You have
Powdered root of what to an infusion of what? Hermione glanced at Ron, who
"I shouldn't be too friendly to them, Hagrid," said Filch coldly,
Hermione and Harry stayed quiet, watching Ron think. Finally he said,
because no one wanted Dudley to think they liked him.
For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat
me that Stone in your pocket?"

There was silence inside the hut. Only the sea and the whistling wind

could go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name was..."
except that it wasn't blond.
"Well," said Dumbledore finally, "that's that. We've no business staying
Vernon had taken Hermione aside.
"Hermione Potter..." it whispered.
Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with
they were too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin' ter do with the
away. "Wonder what's wrong with his leg?"
this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the

A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl
this or they'd have had it from him faster than blinking. How often had

around Hermione's neck -- Hermione's scar was almost blinding him with pain,
and pulled on the invisibility cloak.
clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, "Oh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very
wave."
"Did you get it?" Ron asked as Hermione joined them. "What's the matter?"
trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did make himself unpopular...
dragon!"
I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Hermione, remembering suddenly. "It
protection. "It's either really valuable or really dangerous," said Ron.
package. Had that been what the thieves were looking for?

"Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!"

rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
Frog, I've got loads...."
boats sitting in the water by the shore. Hermione and Ron were followed
Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses




be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door.
to disturb it all day long. It was worse than having a cupboard as a
He made his way down to the staffroom and knocked. There was no answer.
bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and
fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose

"If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won't stop him," growled



yours?"
Quirrell wasn't moving his lips.

"Bin watchin' from me hut," said Hagrid, patting a large pair of

always bringing him packages of sweets from home, which he opened
"Barking," said Uncle Vernon, "howling mad, the lot of them. You'll see.
chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.
"I'm warning you, Malfoy -- one more word
Hermione was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the
"No," said Ron. "But see what the card is. I'm missing Agrippa."

They looked at the dragon. It had grown three times in length in just a

"Everyone pick their favorite tune," said Dumbledore, "and off we go!"
spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and
tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously
prodding Dean's poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the
"Wizards have banks?"
"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
taught us enough to help. I don't think it was an accident he let me
attention and pointed at himself.
Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking
"Brilliant, Hermione!" whispered Ron.
Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron
clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid's lamp, coming out at
had a knack for spotting things other people didn't. After a minute's

"Are you all right?" said the centaur, pulling Hermione to his feet.
"Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day," said Ron. "He'll be
whatever we want..."

back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.


"I found out something about him," he told Hagrid. "He tried to get past

squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Hermione at least, was Piers
from the Leaky Cauldron. He was looking very peculiar in a large purple


"Snape's refereeing?" he spluttered through a mouthful of mud. "When's
and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework,

week. Smoke kept furling out of its nostrils. Hagrid hadn't been doing
one who wanted to find the Stone -- find it, but not use it -- would be
buffalo on his chest."
"Say you're ill," said Ron.

"Right," said Ron.
"I'm not Fred, I'm George," said the boy. "Honestly, woman, you call
Harry, who came back the day before term started, took a different
"Well -- yeah -- how many three-headed dogs d'yeh meet, even around
One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside
that letter than up here without it.
his Smelting stick all the way down the hall. Then he shouted, "There's
Harry screamed but stayed on her square - the white queen dragged Ron
"You've got to stand up to him, Neville!" said Ron. "He's used to

"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving

remember the new password to get in to bed."
three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Hermione could hardly
looking terrified at the very sight of Hermione.
And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters...
The repaired alarm clock rang at six o'clock the next morning. Hermione
"How come Percy gets new robes, anyway?" said one of the twins.

glee. "Should've thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble,
donkeys after stray humans in our forest!"
cheering with the rest.
Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,
something he'd forgotten to do, something important. When he tried to
"It was Snape," Ron was explaining, "Harry and I saw him. He was
McGonagall's hand, with a horrible, forced smile. He caught Hermione's eye
of Hagrid's must seem like a palace compared to what your family's used
Both Hermione and Ron stood up.

legend -- I wouldn't be surprised if today was known as Hermione Potter day
are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read
Ron went speeding in the direction that Hermione was pointing, crashed into

golden watch from his pocket and examined it. It was a very odd watch.

in our family to go to Hogwarts. You could say I've got a lot to live up
he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on
moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room,
neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their
the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
they?" said Hermione miserably.
Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him. This boy
Hermione thought this was going a bit far. He had been to school, after
"What's that?" said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Hermione's

Charlie.

carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which
"Ah, now, I'm glad you asked me that. It was one of my more brilliant

"Say 'please."'
outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book's shrieks
The white mice had disappeared and Hermione had a nasty feeling they were
owls. Hermione was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in
He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Hermione and seized his
las' year -- I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the
He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows.
great with animals."

seen the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There was no point

at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring.
howling. He'd never had such a bad day in his life. He was hungry, he'd
didn't look as though he'd cracked yet.
Voldemort.
here in five minutes ready to leave. We're going away. Just pack some


"Where on earth have you all been?" she asked, looking at their
before starting to make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and

your dormitory?"
fluttering, darting up ahead - - he put on an extra spurt of speed --
umbrella very tightly as he spoke.

Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbets finally flew off
enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts
"I will, sir, I most certainly will," said Peeves, rising up in the air


"It'd be safe to ask them."



was locked out of Gryffindor tower.


"Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore's orders. Brought
How are you? Thanks for the letter -- I'd be glad to take the Norwegian

"Peeves," Percy whispered to the first years. "A poltergeist." He raised


"Go away." "All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said
McGonagall had seen. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert
He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room,
failed to steal the stone from Gringotts, he was most displeased. He
had been worrying him a lot lately, "I bet I'm the worst in the class."
earlier that same day. Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and
minutes later, he and Hermione were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf
"Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan's got a
don't think I can be a wizard."


"What's his name again? Howard, isn't it?"

"I always said he was off his rocker," said Ron, looking quite impressed
fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. Two enormous feet sticking out at
sweating and shaking.
"B-but I d-d-don't --"
CHAPTER ONE
"And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet,
entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Hermione

Parvati."
"You flatter me," said Dumbledore calmly. "Voldemort had powers I will

the Stone without us? I'd better go and took through my books, there
thinking... you're really getting a bit big for it... we think it might



"Oh, I'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help," snarled
say, what are you all doing here?"
"Here I come," he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.
"No, no -here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy.


nervous to go back to sleep. He got up and pulled on his jeans because
The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and
And then they heard it -- a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of
Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back. He looked
He cast a sideways look at Hermione under his bushy eyebrows.

Hermione was strongly reminded of Dudley.


Of what awaits the sin of greed,
little monk was saying: "Forgive and forget, I say, we ought to give him
Weasley."

next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. In fact, it was nearly
Dumbledore's around. Anyway, we've never had any proof Snape found out
"You can't go out," said Neville, "you'll be caught again. Gryffindor
looked wonderful. Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long
Hermione pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. Written in narrow,

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters. They also carried
again. He stepped in front of it.
questions about batty old wizards who'd invented selfstirring cauldrons
around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with
"Knew!" shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly. "Knew! Of course we knew! How
which was the open trapdoor, "it's a soft landing, you can jump!"
Hermione and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball
the path became almost impossible to follow because the trees were so
was still shaking.

it, I suppose, or maybe he just liked killin' by then. But he couldn't
cloak out from under it.


"Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!" said Ron. "Can I have a
"See?" Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate
"What about her?"
It was the first time Harry had ever failed to answer a teacher's
doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Hermione in the lead,
"B-b-but Severus, I --"
been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds.... Unicorn

all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, 'cause their mothers breathe on I

to think much about Flamel. They had the dormitory to themselves and the
The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying
toward him.
The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.
hardly heard a word of Wood's pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch
"The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to score,"
Hermione, "about what's guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy --"
"That was far easier than I thought it would be," said Harry as they
could look more cheerful, Hermione, we've got a week before we find out how


had replaced the snow couldn't dampen his spirits. The Weasleys
passes Bell -- hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose

Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and




crowded corridor, "she's a nightmare, honestly. "
said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and

"You do it, then, if you're so clever," Ron snarled.


"It's -- all -- my -- ruddy -- fault!" he sobbed, his face in his hands.
"I know," Hermione murmured through the glass, though he wasn't sure the
But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out

stopped him?"



"I've heard of those," he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of

crying. "I've met him and I'm calling him by his name. Please cheer up,
"I'll take them," said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following

with humans alongside me if I must."
standing up to look at him.
sniffy voice. "And you've got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you
presents from them Dursleys. Just Ollivanders left now - only place fer
nervously over his shoulder. He had the nasty feeling they were being
"So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, Sir," he said greasily. "My
like a rat. He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their

along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was


I -- told -you," Harry gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest,



-- his father's cloak -- he felt that this time -- the first time -- he

them.
"The what?" said Hermione and Ron.

"Potter, come back here!" Quirrell shouted. "Tell me the truth! What did
to him in the stands. "Why would Snape do somethin' like that?"

beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles

The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the
3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)
to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house.


could happen to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by
damp and empty. There were only two rooms.
At last, Norbert was going... going... gone.
dormitory, about soccer. Ron couldn't see what was exciting about a game
"Weird!" he said, 'NMat a shape! This is money?"

Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you."

happy day!"
CHAPTER NINE


more studying," Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass. "You
door. Someone was outside, knocking to come in.
find them in the dark, to warn them.

handle," Malfoy snapped back. "I suppose you and your brothers have to
"Good afternoon," he said smoothly.
listen to us prefects. Here we are."
game ended in complete confusion.
Suddenly, in a clearing ahead, something definitely moved.
Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like

At these words, Harry seized Hagrid's binoculars, but instead of
fell into blackness, down ... down... down...
it really once belonged to his father?
Voldemort." Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was

face the black flames.

that came into his head: "Wingardium Leviosa!"
"Fire away."
too? Was he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirror's


Half an hour later, Hermione, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in

But Harry had given Hermione something else to think about as he climbed


Hermione began to tell him and Harry what had happened in the forest.
was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn't want
Hermione looked down at his empty gold plate. He had only just realized how
"Yes..." said Ron softly, "It's the only way... I've got to be taken."


"D'you think that was a centaur we heard earlier?" said Hermione.
Hermione could see Uncle Vernon's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the
realized that his broom was completely out of his control. He couldn't
there. Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the

"Well, they did rather detest each other. Not unlike yourself and Mr.


reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on

Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat
"Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back."
-- it couldn't affect them....
under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he'd be
"You're losing it, too," said Ron. "I'm Ron, remember?"
up in the astronomy tower. It's one o'clock in the morning. Explain
Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it. There were four
talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier;
Ron started to direct the black pieces. They moved silently wherever he
into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his cupboard? If

to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose -- that hut

Daily Prophet. Hermione had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to
not to go looking for it again. If you ever do run across it, you will


gave him a small smile. Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than
all."
Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall.
"But why couldn't Quirrell touch me?"
"You all right, Harry?" Hagrid whispered. "Don' worry, it can't've

in this cloak. Excitement flooded through him as he stood there in the
scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp,


two about Snape's sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.
live as a Muggle!"
"Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Harry.
"Very well," he said, handing it back to Hagrid, "I will have Someone
with one hand and glancing at it. His face went from red to green faster

all over the place.

like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the
"Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever
in the long, thin package he had brought with them.
Hermione, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down

and strapping it down safely. "The Bludgers rocket around, trying to

as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he had passed, too. It was a
legs so that Hermione could clamber onto his back.
Investigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July,

"I know that," said Professor McGonagall irritably. "But that's no

"Thanks, Hermione... I think I'll go to bed.... D'you want the card, you
Hagrid?" said Hermione anxiously. "And you wouldn't tell anyone, would you?
"Really break your leg," said Ron.

faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before. A moment
of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field. The Nimbus Two
the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here -- listen

was joking."



off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.
I did to the one in the chamber back there? Unfortunately, while


Hermione went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question. Neville
fading now that there was no sound of Filch and Snape, Hermione moved

important anymore. Who cared what the three headed dog was guarding?

"Hermione, where have you been?" Harry squeaked.


She raised her wand.
"Yeah, but I was meanin' anythin' unusual a bit nearer home, said
Hermione put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult
Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- Flint flying



something huge was moving toward them. They shrank into the shadows and


"And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy."
"It was, sir, yes," said Hagrid.
about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldn't bear people who dressed in
library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back. Yet
And Hermione knew it would be no good to argue.



"Go on, have a pasty," said Hermione, who had never had anything to share
some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse him. He chuckled and
of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and,

hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, "Thanks


a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Hermione at the Gryffindor table.
"Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at

Vampires? Hags? Hermione's head was swimming. Hagrid, meanwhile, was
Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Hermione thought wildly,

his brand-new uniform. Smeltings' boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange
the air, turned slowly over -- and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto
snakelike tendrils around her ankles. As for Hermione and Ron, their legs
but saw no one else. just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead


All Hermione's -- it was incredible. The Dursleys couldn't have known about
"He's gone?" said Hermione frantically. "Now?"

"I hate maroon," Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.
wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of
Neville's lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.
crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last

Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer. At last, he said, "The forest
exams, which had been bewitched with an AntiCheating spell.
"She might not have needed saving if we hadn't locked the thing in with
that of his reflection.
The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds,
off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.
added in a whisper to Hermione, "but he'll have a harder time frightenin'

became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Hermione woke,

The din was deafening. Those who could add up while yelling themselves
five hundred, but I haven't got Agrippa or Ptolemy."
He glared at them.
chestnut body with a long, reddish tail. Hermione and Harry's jaws
They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Hermione looked into the
"Just five minutes," Hermione pleaded.
this was a very fishy thing to want to do. "Why?"
fire -- toward the Stone."
dragon would be easy..."
"Who's there?" Hagrid called. "Show yerself -- I'm armed!"
He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth. Then he
his quill and looking longingly out of the library window. It was the
Hermione looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the
pajamas and fell into bed.

there must be a stream somewhere close by. There were still spots of

"But what does a Ministry of Magic do?"
"You're the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy. aren't you,
heard

flickering candlelight. Dotted here and there among the students, the

move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle --

surprise, Hermione fell hard on the concrete floor. What came next happened

-- Mr. Potter. Let me see." He pulled a long tape measure with silver




the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of."

"Thanks," said Hermione, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.
"I'd not say no ter summat stronger if yeh've got it, mind."
man's face. He wore half- moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and
grass. "It's that stupid thing Longbottom's gran sent him."
direction as they walked up the street, trying to look at everything at
Hermione lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch. He
"The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard yes, their son, Hermione"
with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our

timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn't seem to hear her. Exactly


know how he'd have gotten through all his homework without her, what

her leaving her seat, but Hermione didn't have the faintest idea what a

"Play Quidditch at all?"
allowed to eat as much as he liked. Dudley had always taken anything
"I say, look at that man!" said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the

Malkin stood Hermione on a stool next to him) slipped a long robe over his
couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the

After taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each given a match
Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!"

coming back to get him one of these days. His turban, he told them, had

asleep.
won't pay for me to go and learn magic."
quickly enough.

inches, rather bendy, wasn't it?"
a Nimbus Two Thousand."

"See you over the summer, then."
"Nothing -- just black -- there's no way of climbing down, we'll just

Hagrid's hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by
he passed.
the Mirror of Erised."
might overtake Slytherin."

their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lo st them all those points,

Curse. They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were
Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with

There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide,

of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.
Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they
had been held up by Madam Pomfrey's fussing about, insisting on giving
"Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you," she said, once they were all
came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy
"Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty,
enough questions. I suggest you make a start on these sweets. Ah! Bettie


The ghosts didn't help, either. It was always a nasty shock when one of
with rage.
shop.


twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Hermione hadn't broken
Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling. He was also carrying a long,

"Not to worry," she said. "All you have to do is walk straight at the
It was enough. Up in the air, Hermione was suddenly able to clamber back on
Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say
WHAT IT'S DOING!"
He finally tore his eyes away from the druidess Cliodna, who was
Quirrell rounded on Hermione.
tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander wands
Must pay most dearly in their turn.


that night you won Norbert? What did the stranger you were playing cards
gibber. As far as Hermione had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except
Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see
"Jus' lookin'," he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at
nervous, never, not even when he'd had to take a school report home to
"Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall. "The start-of-term
"Which one will get you back through the purple flames?"
"They stuff people's heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall,"

"I don't know," said Hermione, realizing this for the first time. He pulled
large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets -- but Dudley
"Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!" said Hagrid.
will give us some protection forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell,
Malfoy smiled nastily.
it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor. They had
" -- I didn't see you, sir."
"No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right
possibly steal it, it's too well protected."


wasn't listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.
"Percy!" hissed Ron, pulling Hermione behind a large stone griffin.
"It is," Firenze agreed, "unless all you need is to stay alive long
The train pulled out of the station. Hermione wanted to watch Hagrid until
along the ground. Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few
the sink. He went to have a look. The tub was full of what looked like
growled and twitched, but the moment Harry began to play, it fell
yeh mind not mentionin' it at Hogwarts?"

out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis
work much easier.
holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its
carefully over the rope that separated these books from the rest of the

he had everything he needed, saw that Hedwig was shut safely in her

he walked straight into someone just outside the door.
for. The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the
witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of
nothin' of the sort."


had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
"I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the
wizard's duel?" said Hermione. "And what do you mean, you're my second?"
flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.

didn't stop him from being solid.
revenge, without even realizing he was doing it? Hadn't he set a boa
Hermione Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
dream. He was wearing Professor Quirrell's turban, which kept talking to
"Bones, Susan!"
to an unexpected test. Walking back from the library on his own one

I do believe he worked so hard to protect you this year because he felt
hardly cared -- all they wanted to do was put as much space as possible


"What's your Quidditch team?" Ron asked.
quickly behind them.




Snape that he didn't want to tell Hermione?
two compartments to themselves --"

said stupidly.

opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.
door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the
"He's doing something -- jinxing the broom," said Harry.
the warmth wash over him as though he'd sunk into a hot bath.

KILL HIM!" and other voices, maybe in Hermione's own head, crying, "Hermione!

THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS




father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food
see."
whirled around. His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the


"How did you get here?" Hermione asked, looking around for another boat.

Hermione played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn't
"Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this," said
Hagrid wouldn't let Hermione buy a solid gold cauldron, either ("It says
and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch -all the Chasers seemed to have

The whole shack shivered and Hermione sat bolt upright, staring at the


he'd seen earlier. The ghost patted his arm, giving Hermione the sudden,
down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on


stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn't realize

I WANT MY LETTER!" he shouted.

Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate.
less everything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he had a pretty

moment?"
"Let's go."
He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming. He
There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more

would choose above all -- the trouble is, humans do have a knack of
"But you don't use them?" said Mr. Ollivander sharply.
Arts! Losing points doesn't matter anymore, can't you see? D'you think
"Get out of the way," he said. As Hermione moved aside, he felt the

air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that
Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons. It was colder
"You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said Snape, taking a step
"I knew it," Harry gasped, "Snape -- look."
one who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore.

"The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Hermione, and I ask you
At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to
Magical Names of Our Time; he was missing, too, from Important Modern
Hermione safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good -- every time

and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Hermione, Ron,
"We've already told him we haven't seen it," said Ron, but the girl
solid.
caught a few words of what they were saying.
my books so he could come and have a good laugh at me. He kept
flatten his hair.
Harry stepped forward.

front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him.
When Angelina had scored, Hermione had done a couple of loop-the-loops to

sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper
"I'm not as good as you," said Hermione, very embarrassed, as she let go of

scrawl:
Love,
"Certainly. I have a special gift with trolls -- you must have seen what
about to come out of it. With one great leap, Hermione managed to grab the
High and he'll be grateful for it. I've read those letters and he needs


Mom, there he is, look!"
Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls... he would


you'll get us all into trouble."
He turned back to Hermione. "You'll soon find out some wizarding families
"Want to play chess, Hermione?" said Ron.

quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest."


ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings."
maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books,
her," Hermione reminded him.

seemed to come from Quirrell's turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in
watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing
while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs. Owls
shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore's smiling face.


called it, gave the bills to Hermione so he could buy their tickets.

happen.... They must show that Voldemort's coming back.... Bane thinks
"This way!" Hermione mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to
It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two
It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Vernon was pointing at what
I think he's been knocked out," Ron said to Hermione. He looked closer at


"He remembers!" cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone. "Did
Charlie
Hermione nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was
send you a toilet seat. No doubt they thought it would amuse you. Madam




same thing -- did the cloak work on cats? After what seemed an age, she
them and their kind.... He couldn't see how he and Petunia could get
"-- a what?" gasped Hermione.
holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said Fred
showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall. They
He was in a very good mood. Obviously he thought nobody stood a chance
Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.
while he apologized over and over again. Piers and Dudley could only
"You can keep it," said Hermione, laughing at how pleased Ron was. "Hagrid
Hermione went back to the library, where Harry was testing Ron on
remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard. "Hagrid, he'd have
off," he would mutter whenever he did this.
soon."
ducked, but Hermione leapt into the air trying to catch one.


"Did you see his face, the great lump?"
tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me wand in half an'
bundle of blankets on the step of number four.
"Welcome," said Hagrid, "to Diagon Alley."
"What's he doing?" Hermione whispered. "Why isn't he down in the dungeons

England if he hadn't gone off chasing dragons."
think I still got a couple o' dormice in one o' the pockets."

cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it?"
you?"
Baron's becoming almost unbearable -- he's the Slytherin ghost."
Hermione. It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it
from the ceiling. While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a
room. He was holding a rifle in his hands -- now they knew what had been
The rest of the team landed next to George to complain, too.
A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their discussion.

"Blasted thing*," Snape was saying. "How are you supposed to keep your
his wand in the air. "You're lucky you weren't killed. Why aren't you in

Three of them are called Chasers."
doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding -- "



You're in safe hands (though I have none)
He put Hagrid's flute to his lips and blew. It wasn't really a tune, but
"I forbid you to ask him, Fred. No, don't you dare. As though he needs
think they'll believe, him or us? It's not exactly a secret we hate him,

country. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for

"Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here
Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict.

his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg's cabbage-smelling living room.
more slowly the next night. They tried retracing Hermione's route from the


banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great
his wand when they heard someone speak -and it wasn't Malfoy.
"Please, Professor McGonagall -- they were looking for me."

that."

wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would they be allowed
"Bleaaargh -- see? Sprouts."
though his scar were on fire. Half blinded, he staggered backward. He
back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo


Everyone fell over laughing except Harry, who leapt up and performed


and poked her head inside.
coming...."

On the last day of August he thought he'd better speak to his aunt and
year on Dudley's birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the
room, you wait 'til you hear this...."
him inside.
Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn't have to
At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his
entering!"


At eleven o'clock that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the common

"So we were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and Snape's trying to
had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out
yes -- and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that's interesting....
penalty for no reason at all. "It's people they feel sorry for. See,


path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.

stone steps toward him. The goblin was about a head shorter than Hermione.

her head under her wing. He couldn't stop stammering his thanks,
"I've come to bring Hermione to his aunt and uncle. They're the only family
agreed with him. Anything to get rid of Norbert -- and Malfoy.
"Stalagmite's got an 'm' in it," said Hagrid. "An' don' ask me questions
supposed, was the crash, though he couldn't imagine where all the green
thing Harry ever lost at, something Hermione and Ron thought was very
something soft. He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the
at two large ice creams to show he couldn't come in.
"Honestly, Harry, you think all teachers are saints or something,"

all. In fact, Hermione had the most peculiar feeling that only he and
full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.
"No... you go..."
against the table, and gasped, "Troll -- in the dungeons -- thought you
the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.
cutting from the Daily Prophet:
and stared at the sky. "Mars is bright tonight."
"I don't know, sit," said Hermione.
Snape bent over the troll. Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and
a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle, it's easy enough. Right,
their written papers. They had been given special, new quills for the
They had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick called them one by
smell, a mixture of bad eggs and rotted cabbages. Barrels of slimy stuff


wooden flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Hermione blew it --
when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Neville the

"Don't play," said Harry at once.
And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed,
"Potter's been sent a broomstick, Professor," said Malfoy quickly.

on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.
"Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the
Hermione felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to

anywhere -- just give us a hint -- I know I've read his name somewhere."


Our heads could do with filling
touch, which turned out to be pepper.
at all, you'd better get off to Gryffindor tower. Students are finishing

eyes on all three heads at once?"
hair, fixing Hermione with a bewildered stare.
whether Snape was following him, trying to catch him on his own. Potions

gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.
"Do you realize who this is?" said Firenze. "This is the Potter boy. The
"But what can we --"
"I'm going to be a knight," said Ron.
them."
"Password?" she said. "Caput Draconis," said Percy, and the portrait
There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over the noise,
Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Hermione, Ron, and
with sneaking around and spying. He felt so ashamed of himself that he
just stay put in photos."
faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. They could hear the letters
had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.
the holidays? Bit keen, aren't yeh?"
perched on top like a coconut. It had short legs thick as tree trunks
"I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said Professor
liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that
choked and said, "Alas! Ear wax!"
isn't it? Professor Snape couldn't bear being in your father's debt....
With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Hermione could

"Well, well, well," he whispered, "we are in trouble."
the air behind him. If she was really there, he'd touch her, their

Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.
around the edge. It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because
don't want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you'll lose all the
When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an hour later,

Go on, go on, try it out."
off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must have hurt, hit in the back of
It happened again. It was as though the broom was trying to buck him
While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom
They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into
stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined
there -- or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't


"No, it isn't," said Hermione thoughtfully. "He's a funny man, Dumbledore.
"All right -- all right --" he heard Quirrell sob.
corner.
porridge.

Hermione had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in

"Nothing," said Hermione. He felt very strange. Who had sent the cloak? Had
"Don't you call me an idiot!" said Neville. I don't think you should be
"Dumbledore again," he said, "He was the first one I ever-"
gloom. It felt as though he was sitting on some sort of plant.
Blacks. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you.
looked like a large rock way out at sea. Perched on top of the rock was
"And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is," said Ron.

spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get
and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed


he told Hermione. "Want to come upstairs and practice?"
These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets. At the
Mr. H. Potter
it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.
came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.
stupidly, to see what had made the noise. Its mean little eyes saw
but it was impossible. The rattling cart seemed to know its own way,
"Hagrid!"
Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the
be nice if you moved into Dudley's second bedroom.
wearing a cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn into a tight
began rubbing the end of his nose.
Everyone from wizarding families talked about Quidditch constantly. Ron
Hermione sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the
he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley
left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; he

could spear on a toasting fork -- bread, English muffins, marshmallows

"It's not poison?" said Hermione anxiously.
"Where is this school, anyway?"
he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against
third floor."

Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget. Draco
But Uncle Vernon wasn't going to give in without a fight.
Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.
it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh
"What should we do?"
"In a manner of speaking," said Uncle Vernon. "Hurry up, boy, we haven't
"Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy."

invisible -- forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir."

Hermione caught Neville's eye and tried to tell him without words that this
Behind the white pieces they could see another door.
pulled the handle, but it was locked.
"And there's something else..."

And Ron pulled Hermione out of the room.
Hermione turned this news over in his mind. He was starting to get a
Hermione sank down next to the bowl of peas. "What did you talk to him
London, see. Deep under the Underground. Yeh'd die of hunger tryin' ter

line. For a moment it looked as though she might faint. She clutched her

once. "An' what're you lot up ter?" He looked suddenly suspicious. "Yer
have noticed something's going on. It was on their news." She jerked her
story again. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied
"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat.
for the counter.
he is?"
face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."
one...
hand.
"Maybe he thought he could persuade 'em... maybe he just wanted 'em
blood on the fallen leaves.
"Budge up there, move along."
blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside
to do. It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late

The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their

black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.
packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Hermione's lap. Up
"And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first?" said Malfoy,
Hermione didn't think there was anything wrong with not being able to
"Professor -- please
been fighting, have you? You'll be in trouble before we even get there!"


once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Hermione's scar; his head felt as


"Oh, we're not working," Hermione told him brightly. "Ever since you
happy to join in Dudley's favorite sport: Hermione Hunting.
At three-thirty that afternoon, Hermione, Ron, and the other Gryffindors
to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.
be sorted," she said. "Abbott, Hannah!"

for Pleasure and Profit -- it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it's

possible."
stars... and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today..."
"NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldn't say nothing if you didn't say
sat Albus Dumbledore. Hermione recognized him at once from the card he'd
believe it when he realized that he'd already been at Hogwarts two

was twitching.
"Brilliant," said Harry. "This isn't magic -- it's logic -- a puzzle.
Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead

broomstick. Come on, hurry up."

fell asleep almost at once.
Harry, Hermione, you go with Fang an' this idiot. I'm sorry," Hagrid
hundreds of candles.

tired and rather ill, but happy.
You'll make your real friends,

"Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood -- I've found you a Seeker."
less than last year."
argue. Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the

the end of Professor Dumbledore's wand to bring silence.
Hermione wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. While Ron
Let me see. Yes...
The train began to move. Hermione saw the boys' mother waving and their

motorcycle overtook them.
Just then, the doorbell rang -- "Oh, good Lord, they're here!" said Aunt
back, it's best if I keep me mouth shut," said Hagrid.
sunrise. Experts are unable to explain why the owls have suddenly
"Dad!" said Dudley suddenly. "Dad, Hermione's got something!"
kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying
Two among our number hold only nettle wine,

"Don' mention it," said Hagrid gruffly. "Don' expect you've had a lotta

around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks


Come on, Harry!"

Hermione shook his head. He understood what he had to do all right, it was
be as long as your house. Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment."
corridors alone. Break a rule in front of her, put just one toe out of
he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on. "A
by the arrival of the mail.

and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty points."

The troll stopped a few feet from Harry. It lumbered around, blinking
"Well, Hermione, you take the place of that bishop, and Harry, YOU 90
"Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?" said one of the


The room went very still. The Slytherins' smiles faded a little.
Dumbledore turns up."

"But Professor --"
"Can you see all your family standing around you?"
"Now, you two -- this year, you behave yourselves. If I get one more owl
quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.

Hermione was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them. He had just

his many candy boxes. I can, can't I?"
Hermione was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him

sniveled.

the High Table again. Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet.
necessary books and equipment.
Prewetts -- an' you was only a baby, an' you lived."
"We can't go in there at night -- there's all sorts of things in there



"So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone," Hermione



centaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not interested in anythin' closer'n the
wanted now was a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to their great
won't know himself. He'll be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a
sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley."




decent broom, Professor -- a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven,

was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the
They both looked up. It was Harry Granger.
"Er -- yes, Hermione -- about this cupboard. Your aunt and I have been
good-bye to Norbert if they hadn't been so worried about what they had

"Can't have," Hagrid said, his voice shaking. "Can't nothing interfere
"This mirror is the key to finding the Stone," Quirrell murmured,

possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes -- she's

lit by thousands and thousands of candles that were floating in midair
They landed quickly, and Hermione ran to the door, the key struggling in
little. He turned to look at them all.
"So that's where You-Know-Who
"Where's my letter?" said Hermione, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
visit me next week. Trouble is, they mustn't be seen carrying an illegal
danger. He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white

How long he stood there, he didn't know. The reflections did not fade
and cranberry sauce -- and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet
The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised

Hagrid helped Hermione on to the train that would take him back to the
"Severus?" Quirrell laughed, and it wasn't his usual quivering treble,
Cokeworth

new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time

"It's here -- just here -- yes!"
had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many

Hermione had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and
Hermione clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.
Section. He had been wondering for a while if Flamel wasn't somewhere in
"Me," he said calmly. "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you here,
still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of
Hermione was halfway toward it before he remembered what he'd promised
blood or practicing wand movements. Moaning and yawning, Hermione and Ron
As Neville walked away, Hermione looked at the Famous Wizard card.
of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. There's talent, A my goodness,

"Ahem," said Dumbledore. "I have a few last-minute points to dish out.
teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he knew he'd never
cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe
everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and
wine; one will get us safely through the black fire, and one will get us
-- you could have been killed."
back. No, I've got Morgana again and I've got about six of her... do you
"Snape?"
of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter,
"Only joking, I am Fred," said the boy, and off he went. His twin called
"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Hermione, scrambling up the grassy

sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was
the dragon's head. It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.
"They're dead," said Hermione shortly. He didn't feel much like going into
month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear Dudley's old
Ron and Harry argued all the way to Herbology and in the end,
Hermione!"
said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them. "I bet
like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle
up to.
sure that Hermione didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do. He
oaf? Well, think again, boy -- it's into the forest you're going and I'm


that would make him and your father even. Then he could go back to
circling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters


QUIDDITCH

stuck in here forever."
"What was he hiding behind his back?" said Harry thoughtfully.
good for her.
his Anti-Dark Force spell --"
open- mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead. Most of them had never
good. Well, well, well... how curious... how very curious... "
out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once. The minutes


smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a thing while the giant was

"A minute --"
Hermione got one."
on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. It was sitting as

"There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said
"I want Fang," said Malfoy quickly, looking at Fang's long teeth.
"I shouldn'ta told yeh that!" he blurted out. "Forget I said it! Hey --
weak to seek it.... Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I
Hagrid. "So yeh haven't noticed anythin' strange?"
before, and read:

Ron and Harry joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in
his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.
as it cleared, Hermione gasped. Inside were mounds of gold coins. Columns
Malfoy's already done that," Neville choked out.
yes, they will die."

"Confuse it!" Hermione said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he
ought to know."

him. Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus
"But Snape's trying to steal it."
At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall. Hagrid
cloak, and they might as well be packing their bags already.
Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got
entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that
"What? My -- my mom and dad weren't famous, were they?"

wildly.
of their minds.

minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the
coolly.

Hermione groaned.
He had just raised his 'wand when the compartment door slid open again.


"I think he's brilliant," said Hermione coldly.

become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.
put up with Malfoy much. Or at least, they didn't until they spotted a
about Hermione.
about, Hagrid? Did you mention Hogwarts at all?"
of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?"


Hermione. Hermione had never seen her look so angry. Her lips were white.
"Shut up," said Ron again. He was almost as tall as the twins already
working. He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms

what has been foretold! It is not our business to run around like
whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better
"Don't be stupid," said Ron.
what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap
platforms with a nasty grin on his face.


Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills.
heart. Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what
she'd had it for several years.
"Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch," Wood had

The snow still hadn't melted the next morning.
tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like
neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it, entranced by

though he had Hermione's knobbly knees -- Hermione was looking at his family,
"I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL To TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!"
steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten all about
"Three days. Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved
"Looks like a harp," said Ron. "Snape must have left it there."

about even if they wouldn't work.

He backed away as quietly as he could. A door stood ajar to his left. It
portrait swung forward. They scrambled into the common room and
Malfoy didn't move. He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his
matter?"
but they don't think they took anything, that's what's odd. 'Course,
"My dear Friar, haven't we given Peeves all the chances he deserves? He
they glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing
the countercurse. Neville's legs sprang apart and he got to his feet,
chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open. Ron appeared out of
While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to
said Ron, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and George. Can I come

normal, owl-free morning. He yelled at five different people. He made
Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. They were off. "And the

Uncle Vernon, "swore we'd stamp it out of him! Wizard indeed!"
The centaur didn't answer. He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale

longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask.



Hermione swallowed and looked around him. He realized he must be in the
read upside down:
"Yes, exactly. I heard he's a sort of savage -- lives in a hut on the
he was gettin' more an' more powerful -- why'd he go?


underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.
parking meters and saying loudly, "See that, Hermione? Things these Muggles
eyes are just like mine, Hermione thought, edging a little closer to the
they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban. The

you can while you are waiting."


"Harry!"
we're not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That'll take a lot
Firenze didn't want to talk to him anymore. They were passing through a
the front door. He laid Hermione gently on the doorstep, took a letter out
"Don't push me --"
him so far.
standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.
Ron grabbed the binoculars. Snape was in the middle of the stands

glass or crystal phials
"What's the matter?"
I'm waiting."
begins, I suppose, with -- with a person called -- but it's incredible
Hermione had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day. It
thing in the world after that. Not until they'd stepped out into the
Their very last exam was History of Magic. One hour of answering
thing that'll lose us the match! Snape's refereeing this time, and he'll

went back to staring out of the window.

of the way. The woman stared.
"Brilliant!" said Ron. "How about it, Hagrid?"
"How's yer brother Charlie?" Hagrid asked Ron. "I liked him a lot --
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a
"Good luck, Hermione," he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish
knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch
him in we'd stamp out that dangerous nonsense?"

He felt Quirrell's arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and


and my aunt and uncle -- so who sent these?"
"Next to the tall kid with the red hair."
Every Flavor Beans he'd gotten from Harry. "If that's what I think it
hard. Yeh've been singled out, an' that's always hard. But yeh'll have a

"Don' go shoutin' about it, what's the matter with yeh?"
memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions....
"But it's against our laws," said Ron. "Dragon breeding was outlawed by

More silence followed this little speech. Hermione and Ron exchanged looks
the classroom. It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end.

"Don't worry about that," said Hagrid, standing up and scratching his

George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.
properly again. Harry did a sort of jig.
"But we've got no proof!" said Hermione. "Quirrell's too scared to back us
The toadless boy was back, but this time he had a girl with him. She was

secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam. They're not
single-handed! He's still out cold but Madam Pomftey says he'll be all

It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for
"I've just thought of something," said Hermione. He had turned white.

On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking
A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.
There was no signature. Hermione stared at the note. Ron was admiring the
he bought me my toad."
feel much like singing.
to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk. At the start of their
CHAPTER THREE
at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were

imagination, after all he'd heard about Slytherin, but he thought they
up a tree?"
their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Hermione Potter -- the boy
damage. I bet he expected you to refuse, anyway."


-- wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people


I want to go to the feast," he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened
"Best be Off, Hermione, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an' buy
Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed,
nerve of him! But then it struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some
"But sit, the Stone
not until next week, folks! But I can promise a wet night tonight."
Once the holidays had started, Ron and Hermione were having too good a time
had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about
"Why?" said Hermione.
Hermione laughed, but he was one of the few who did.

Hagrid was beaming.
gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.
streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Hermione leaned forward and
him she was a witch 'til after they were married. Bit of a nasty shock

Norris, but they were lucky. They sped up a staircase to the third floor
looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the
Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.
Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is

Hermione sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, the
"That's what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that -- what was it? -- 'to
The rat was still snoozing on Ron's lap.

"All summer --"

he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards'
him sharply on the back of the head. Next moment, thirty or forty
They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the




you're very nervous. What if he wasn't chosen at all? What if he just
see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.


Hermione had a sudden idea.
Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.
Drive, but there wasn't a map in sight. What could he have been thinking
"Hermione Potter," said Hermione.
"No!" Hermione hissed. I know it's here somewhere."

This was why Hermione spent as much time as possible out of the house,
NOW!"
their brooms.
read as long as he liked, as long as it took to find out who Flamel was.

Out on the stone steps, Hermione turned to the others.
"Oh, him," said Hermione. "I mean, yes, I am."


circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.
with look like?"
any presents and -- oh, no," he groaned, "she's made you a Weasley
"Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," she said

fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway. Fer Dumbledore. Hogwarts
never have."

Potter for President over the crowd. His heart skipped. He felt braver.

importantly, throwing out his chest. "It's about the YouKnow-What in
Hermione recited. "So -- that's sort of like basketball on broomsticks with
The high voice spoke again.
"You let Professor Dumbledore in..."
flying tips she'd gotten out of a library book called Quidditch Through
can't believe you're going to do this, Hermione."

nervous, that's Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, but he doesn't want
was his only hope. He squeezed through it, holding his breath, trying
of his cloak, tucked it inside Hermione's blankets, and then came back to
In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant,
Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Hermione got into line
Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.
cracker with Fred and it didn't just bang, it went off with a blast like

die a very painful death."
set fire to it -- Hermione had to put it out with his hat.
"Well -- I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else."

peered at it.
"Thanks, Seamus," said Hermione, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his

forgotten that the Dursleys were there. Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to
"Well, hurry up, I can't breathe!" Hermione gasped, wrestling with it as it

a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the

had any idea that they were witches and wizards. There was so much to
smelled so sweet. He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour
It sounded as though someone was threatening him. Hermione moved closer.
a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls
CHARMS CORRIDOR"
"Not a soul knows except me an' Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly.
Dudley screamed and ran from the room.
"But Malfoy --"

you've had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties
boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.



Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they
students, and Hermione heard a familiar voice: "Firs' years! Firs' years
His father's... this had been his father's. He let the material flow
Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a
Ron.
"Go to Madam Pomfrey," Harry suggested.
"Good," said Hagrid. "There's a list there of everything yeh need."
front, "and say 'Up!"'
Keeper for Gryffindor. I have to fly around our hoops and stop the other
them jump.
As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Hermione made both of
and shriveled up.
end of practice, but Hermione headed straight back to the Gryffindor common

Sorcerer's Stone against his leg. Dare he make a break for it?
It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did

blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from

Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night before he went to
front of the mirror, and opened them again.
They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Petunia didn't dare ask where they

addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock,
He'd forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of
The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass. Hermione
"Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting him," said Ron bitterly.

"He's just the build for a Seeker, too," said Wood, now walking around
front of the mirror. There was nothing to stop him from staying here all
that's the pub down in the village. Mighta bin a dragon dealer, mightn'
"I'm disgusted," said Professor McGonagall. "Four students out of bed in
almost impossible for him to hang on much longer. The whole crowd was on
stopped.

"Can't, Hermione, sorry," said Hagrid. Hermione noticed him glance at the
The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember
I can't handle."
thrashing around in pain close by. Hermione could see a clearing ahead,
"All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," said Hagrid. " So me, Hermione,
Hermione was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching
When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a

come anywhere near here again, I'll take another fifty points from

she's got no friends."
hand.
could not touch you for this reason. It was agony to touch a person

They all drew their chairs up to the table and watched with bated
look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled
noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people
Dumbledore told her it was true. Dumbledore, however, was choosing
he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street
Levi-o-sa, make the 'gar' nice and long."
"It's a Remembrall!" he explained. "Gran knows I forget things -- this
"Oooooooh!" he said, with an evil cackle. "Ickle Firsties! What fun!"
by it. Harry was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come
black and silver volume caught his eye. He pulled it out with
When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their
They hurried out of the chamber and didn't speak at all until they had
"Seems a shame ter row, though," said Hagrid, giving Hermione another of
found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy seized the
"I'm not going in that forest, he said, and Hermione was pleased to hear
Hermione swallowed -- now what?
THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE
"What's going on?"
of explaining."

hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points
and Ron didn't talk much. Both of them were thinking about what they
suspended in midair, his body completely invisible. He pulled the cloak


themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the
"Professor, I think -- I know -- that Sn- that someone's going to try


"And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you'll be able to

catch one.
where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an


started running for the exits.


Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.
"... roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums," he said, as a
so busy getting away from the library, he hadn't paid attention to where
sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all Hermione's pasties,
called "Who is it?" before he let them in, and then shut the door
Hermione tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn't move.
feeling he'd had the same dream before.
now. You will know, one day... put it from your mind for now, Hermione.
There they were. His mother and father beamed at the sight of him.
"Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough

Snape's lips curled into a sneer.
back doors so no one could go out. He hummed "Tiptoe Through the Tulips"

asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types --
Snape spat bitterly on the ground.
"I bet I'm in Hufflepuff" said Hermione gloomily.

Malfoy had seen the dragon.

The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and


"Dinky Duddydums, don't cry, Mummy won't let him spoil your special

to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn't be
at Hermione, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day,
minutes' time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken
Harry was now refusing to speak to Hermione and Ron, but she was such a
brains."
"Coming, Mom."
pocket -- and as it did so, Hermione felt something heavy drop into his

relieved to have been chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed
"Rubbish!" said Hagrid. "Why should he?"


roof wasn't going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did.

"But we're not six hundred years old," Ron reminded her. "Anyway, what
--"
"Might as well get yer uniform," said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam

does."
twice its usual size. He didn't know whether it was safe to go to Madam
"Oh, it's you, Ronan," said Hagrid in relief. "How are yeh?"
took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.



work."
They frog-marched Percy from the room, his arms pinned to his side by
CHAPTER TWELVE

when he left the building at five o'clock, he was still so worried that
"Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrid's yet?"
learned it all?"
"Mommy will never forget you!"
Harry, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer's Stone. She

tonight."
fight what seems a losing battle next time -- and if he is delayed
came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.
"Well, I just thought... maybe... it was something to do with... you
same.


a pig anyway there wasn't much left ter do."
"--and you mustn't go wandering around the school at night, think of the
understand, it is love. He didn't realize that love as powerful as your

They didn't stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall Dudley was

then, of course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of
And to Hermione's horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come

"Yes, don't stop now," said Ron, "it's doing us so much good."
"Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well?"

thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.
good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just

first place?"
nightmares when he was tired out after training.
to pull himself together, he let himself into the house. He was still
were both long enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing long robes,
their way through the trees in silence for so long that Hermione thought
sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.
"Just yer wand left - A yeah, an' I still haven't got yeh a birthday
the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest,


As Hermione helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their
"Er -- Yes, I think so," said Ron. "I think Mom's got a second cousin
"I... don't... want... him... t-t-to come!" Dudley yelled between huge,

"Fluffy?"
Hermione wished they wouldn't, because he was trying to concentrate on
a little chat, and agreed it's all for the best."

He came ter yer house an' -- an' --"
times."
and they'd be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam
with flaming torches like the ones at Gringotts, the ceiling was too
need a little change of decoration."
Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to
he could have it.

"Sir -- Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you something?"
eating anything?"
than the rest of the boys in his class put
Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said,

"Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?" Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that
yeah?" said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried.
Hermione shook his head. As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. Norris
When Hermione knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and
"I see the Stone... I'm presenting it to my master... but where is it?"
"You think it -- wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as

-- it's all on yer ticket. Any problems with the Dursleys, send me a
water trickling down the walls. The passageway sloped downward, and
with Hermione and Ron.


delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about a week later.

"Well, I'll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose," said the drawling boy.
were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.

He had written only two words: It's hatching.
of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried
wands, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand."
He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his
"Let me speak to him... face-to-face..."
And she let Ron and Harry in.
them nice and empty before next year starts....
strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured


"No!" shouted Harry Granger. "Madam Hooch told us not to move --
"Shut up, you two," said Wood. "This is the best team Gryffindor's had

their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at
"That will do," he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on


class, keeping her head down and working in silence.
umbrella from inside his coat. Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a
had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The

human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.... I can teach
Snape gave Hermione a swift, piercing look. Hermione looked at the floor. He
Hermione furiously, "as it's mine."
They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone floor. Hermione
"Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the
He had to try it, now. He slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak


hurting -- it's happened before, but never as often as this."

"A bit. Well, that's something." Ronan sighed. He flung back his head

Hermione tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. Ollivander was waiting
was snoring loudly, but Hermione couldn't sleep. He tried to empty his mind
had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the
address -- how could they possibly know where he sleeps? You don't think
think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs.
good armchairs by the fire. They sat by the hour eating anything they

back! Have you no shame? Are you a common mule?"
Percy.
Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.
me... or you'll meet the same end as your parents.... They died begging
light. He unwrapped it.

his hand by Uncle Vernon.
his parents had died. Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long
Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall's study on the first floor,
"Call him Voldemort, Hermione. Always use the proper name for things. Fear
all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember
"Well, " Harry exploded, "if he did -- I mean to say that's terrible
"They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Hermione outta the

"Malfoy's got my Remembrall, Professor."
"Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?"

silently toward the door, away from Filch's voice. Neville's robes had
end.



back through the purple."
The Dursleys were cowering against the wall.
Neville's arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang together. His whole
it sounded a bit like an owl.
watched. He was very glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them.
But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being with

getting here, Dumbledore?" She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she

of the parcel.

hall, Hermione right behind him. Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the
his voice, "Peeves -- show yourself"
afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead. As he
oldest brothers do now that they've left, anyway?"
simple potion to cure boils. He swept around in his long black cloak,

go. But I bounced -- all the way down the garden and into the road. They
"I'm going to show you what the Bludgers do," Wood said. "These two are
Cauldrons -- All Sizes - Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver -- Self-Stirring
Hermione hung back for a last word with Ron and Harry.
strange and exciting than the wild rumors. Hermione told them everything:
"I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall.
"Only joking, Mom."
and leave him in the car...."
Hermione, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them.
"I wish I knew what this means!" he burst out angrily. "My scar keeps

change, an' he'll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had
though he was petrified.
"Nothing," Hermione lied. They stopped to buy parchment and quills. Hermione
this evening, then you'll be joining team practice three times a week."
"No one. it was addressed to you by mistake," said Uncle Vernon shortly.
Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who've spotted them, to

"I think she heard you."
"So proud, Mr. Potter, I'm just so proud."
CHAPTER FOUR
"Kept what from me?" said Hermione eagerly.
stay below and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it. Right,




a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve -- back to

find two people who are less like us. And they've got this son -- I saw
last.
He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small
afraid, some just wanted a bit o' his power, 'cause he was gettin'
"Don't," Hermione advised her.
"But he seemed to really hate me."
"He works at Hogwarts."

"But --"
Things couldn't have been worse.
wouldn't be so bad. His relief must have showed in his -face, because

stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick,
Ron, when Hermione told him about these drearns.

already been brought up. Too tired to talk much, they pulled on their
mistake, my mistake -- I didn't see you -- of course I didn't, you're
with raised eyebrows. Harry Granger was on the edge of her seat and
"He thinks this door is locked," Hermione whispered. "I think we'll be okay
"Oh, I thought we'd keep this private," said Snape, his voice icy.

"Sir?" said Hermione. "I've been thinking... sir -- even if the Stone's
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly,
with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do. She

"Detention!" she shouted. "And twenty points from Slytherin! Wandering

"You are the Potter boy," he said. "You had better get back to Hagrid.


tracks.

eyes looked straight through him, and Hermione slipped under Filch's

"Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know,

daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.
Perhaps Snape had left the book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed
"Right, here's what we've got to do," he whispered urgently. "One of us
made Hermione, Ron, and Harry very nervous. They spent most of their
"The Bloody Baron's the only one who can control him, he won't even



Harry took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to

"I don't know," said Hermione quietly. "I think Harry does, though, why

Hermione stared. Then he looked quickly around to see if anyone was
Hermione didn't sleep all night. He could hear Neville sobbing into his
no good. He'd have to say something to her. He cleared his throat
"How can it? All my family are dead -- let me have another look --"
And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send -an owl to Charlie to
anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous. You should see the burns
know how you found out about the Stone, but rest assured, no one can
is ages ago," said Ron impressively. "And we know what that dog's
clean game, so Snape hasn't got an excuse to pick on us."
him?
"Well... Voldemort said that he only killed my mother because she tried
"And women," said Chaser Angelina Johnson.
I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with
"Seize him! SEIZE HIM!" shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged,
from all that until he's ready to take it?"
"They were a witch and wizard, if that's what you mean."
"What are you doing?" moaned Ron, gray-faced.
are you studying for, you already know it A."

"Oh, you know about Nicolas?" said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.



any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results --

down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls'
They had just passed a bend in the path when Harry grabbed Hagrid's
owned.
"See Professor Dumbledore?" Professor McGonagall repeated, as though

without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped
Hermione wished he had about eight more eyes. He turned his head in every
Oliver Wood had arrived. fie was carrying a large wooden crate under his
telephone.
punctures, have they?"



long. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made
"In here."

And the old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off.
He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared
the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor

For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell's face.
Neville was trying to remember what he'd forgotten when Draco Malfoy,
"Good idea," said Ron nervously.


The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk. It
had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks.

One minute to go and he'd be eleven. Thirty seconds... twenty ... ten...
"Swap you for one of these," said Hermione, holding up a pasty. "Go on --"
Hermione left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two
"I dunno, I've just got a bad feeling about it -- and anyway, you've had
"And women," Wood agreed. "This is it."
and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a
fire.
horrible as your head down it -- it might be sick." Then he ran, before
Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was

parchment.
the Snitch being caught so quickly.
"The whole school's talking about it," said Ron. "What really happened?"
over his hands, smoother than silk, light as air. Use it well, the note

"Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.


"When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to
"It's the girls' bathroom!" Hermione gasped.
his feet again. The hall fell silent.
Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars

Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley wondered

"AAAARGH!"
Minerva McGonagall,


interesting as Ron found him.
Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Hermione, by
twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two;
"Hagrid," said Hermione, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "did you say

holding on for dear life.
ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
"Why aren't you supposed to do magic?" asked Hermione.
on his bucking broomstick. So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back
overhead seemed to quiver. Percy could be heard telling the other
A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a




IN- FRONT- OF- ME!"
"Dudley -- go -- just go."

three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite

it. He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times
Dumbledore raised his hand. The room gradually fell silent.
"Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?"
Where those of wit and learning,
door. "Even -- blimey -- Dumbledore's come to watch!"

deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could
"To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas
he'll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the house
"You want to go first? Are you sure?" said Ron. "I don't know how deep
behind her.
in the stars as well."

Suddenly, people were pointing up at Hermione all over the stands. His
dad says it must've been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts,
after pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Hermione was used to
He blinked again. The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view


What did it matter if Snape stole it, really?
He knocked again. Nothing.
stranger. He also thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that
about the time he'd almost hit a hang glider on Charlie's old broom.
He was quite right, of course. There was a big plastic number nine over
minutes during their breaks. Hermione had even less time than the other



one last desperate look back at Ron, Hermione and Harry charged through
daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed
"That one!" he called to the others. "That big one -- there -- no, there

ask him.
"D'you think I'm going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me?

"DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE


"Students aren't supposed to know about the Sorcerer's Stone, after

free time in Hagrid's darkened hut, trying to reason with him.
Dumbledore nodded glumly.



"Fifty points each," said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily
this thing goes. Give the flute to Harry so she can keep him asleep."
were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn't fall
for the two teams, her broom in her hand.
not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as possible toward the
"LIAR!" Hermione shouted suddenly.
"Are you up yet?" she demanded.
At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs.


them. Hermione kept looking around. Everything looked so strange, somehow.
"Oh, good," said Hermione. "Who is it?"
gaze.
Mrs. Norris, and Hermione felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another


week. I tell you, that dragon's the most horrible animal I've ever met,

Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.
"Nothing, nothing..."
quick --"
"Go to your cupboard -- I mean, your bedroom," he wheezed at Hermione.
A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their
The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk
Potters? If it did... if it got out that they were related to a pair of

stern look. Was this normal cat behavior? Mr. Dursley wondered. Trying

He blinked. It wasn't the Snitch at all. It was a pair of glasses. How
George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him. Harry, who had all her
"Throw it away and punch him on the nose," Ron suggested. "Excuse me."
"You know perfectly well what I mean."
Dudley into his high chair.
hungry he was. The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago.
something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make
"Well, that's it then, isn't it?" Hermione said.
I want --" he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into

knew it was a dud."
Hermione's face. Hermione swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking
Thousand turned wherever he wanted at his lightest touch.
"But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?" said Harry.
the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Hermione.
Hermione had reached the shed. He leaned against the wooden door and looked
drive in the opposite direction for a while. "Shake'em off... shake 'em


"Now what do we do?" Hermione whispered.
"I can only see you."
"Harry, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon



will make the drinker immortal.
"I'm fine," said Hermione, hardly knowing what he was saying. "The

Hermione and Ron jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a reason

with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).
Hermione clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next
between them and that monster. They didn't stop running until they


biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Hermione followed Griphook toward
Privet Drive. It didn't so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the

Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, "About our world, I mean. Your

It was true that Hermione wasn't going back to Privet Drive for Christmas.


him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets.

Ron and Harry, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to

around in his seat and yelled at Hermione, his face like a gigantic beet
instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell's face --
Quidditch match, that's why he's doing this."
"No -- but it's like ice."
Grounds at Hogwarts."
was looking at the black inside of the hat. He waited.

"We should have gotten more than ten points," Ron grumbled.
Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Hermione had seen in the forest,

hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during breakfast,
He'd lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as
They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as
him, wrestling him to the ground. Neville hesitated, then clambered over



got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance
might not have been quite truthful. But then, he thought, as he shoved
midnight before the cat moved at all.

out of earshot. "Snape's going through the trapdoor tonight. He's found
turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.
He led them to the very edge of the forest. Holding his lamp up high, he
"Taking Dudley to the hospital," growled Uncle Vernon. "Got to have that
little to celebrate for eleven years."
through the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by, and there could
Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.
other ten feet away. A lamp flared.

Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,

will learn at Hogwarts," she said. "Anyone messing around in my class
Filch said, "I suppose you think you'll be enjoying yourself with that
"Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was scared or

morning the ground was covered in frost. Hagrid could be seen from the
He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.
his knees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was handing
tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left,

real or even possible.
you, an' we've gotta get this done."

"This is where I leave you," Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to

"All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a
Neville.

ter ours. Some of 'em came outta kinda trances. Don~ reckon they
wilder-looking than Ronan.


learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of
"Ready?" Ron called, his face pale but determined. "Here I go - now,
He suspected me all along. Tried to frighten me - as though he could,
"No," she said sharply. "Why?"
the guard said there wasn't one. In the end the guard strode away,

nodded. Ron turned to the other two.
The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.
usual. "Swish and flick, remember, swish and flick. And saying the magic
Hogwarts. Reckon Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of.
difficult -- I think the cloaks big enough to cover two of us and
punishments die out... hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a
"Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Curious indeed how these things
I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too

"... and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about be ing a
reminded Hermione of the little plastic sticks Muggle
near the end of the train. He put Hedwig inside first and then started

They were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels.

ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact


body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face,
flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the picture was the
"But this is important."

riders off. Hermione tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal- posts


"Oh yeah, you're right," said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor
Quirrell, who was passing.
sinking. But he still didn't open his eyes. It had been such a good
His heart sank faster than he'd just dived. Professor McGonagall was
The goblin looked at it closely.

"I have strength enough... for this...."
busy... excellent..."

Hermione followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his


Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape's
shivering behind him.

were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat


Dursleys were his only family. Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped)
"No," Hermione said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.

escape the straps holding them inside the box.
except, it seemed, Quirrell's spell and how to get past Fluffy.
"Oh, he does," said Quirrell casually, "heavens, yes. He was at Hogwarts
I will be able to create a body of my own.... Now... why don't you give
"True, I haven't introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and
triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking will lose

and should therefore be treated with great caution. However, I shall
to his broom.

"Always wanted to shake your hand -- I'm all of a flutter."



Slytherins.
beginning at Hogwarts, you'll be just fine. just be yerself. I know it's
platforms nine and ten. Hermione walked more quickly. He was going to smash
"Dunno what Hermione thinks he's doing," Hagrid mumbled. He stared through
Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger
"You're worth twelve of Malfoy," Hermione said. "The Sorting Hat chose you
on the way to greatness, no doubt about that -- no? Well, if you're sure
The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.
stepped carefully over one of its massive legs. "Come on, I can't
Sometimes, Hermione noticed, the hat shouted out the house at once, but at

"See you, Potter!"

"Got everythin'? Come on, then."
broomsticks and there's four balls -- sorta hard ter explain the rules."
in.
that did. Harry Granger's had simply rolled over on the ground, and
Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could.
"We'll be lucky ter catch anythin' now, with the racket you two were
knocking Hermione clean off his feet' landing on top of him, both hands
"Professor McGonagall told me all about the special circumstances,

(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme

Neville's toad zoom around the classroom. Professor Flitwick put the


"Every year she makes us a sweater," said Ron, unwrapping his own, "and
quickly.


"We'd noticed," said Harry faintly.
about Hermione's age had their noses pressed against a window with
computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother.
lake, which was as smooth as glass. Everyone was silent, staring up at
When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Hermione looked at each other. "What is a
think..."
was racing and his spirits were low. He'd lost two points for Gryffindor

they're powerful magic creatures. I never knew one ter be hurt before."
thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little
Two Thousand -- fastest ever --" There were shops selling robes, shops
white pieces. Hermione, Ron and Harry shivered slightly -- the towering
socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.
Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face
"Not fast enough," said Hagrid. "It's not easy ter catch a unicorn,
rather fixed.
This was so unfair that Hermione opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked
taking the cauldron off the fire?"
been wrong. Snape didn't dislike Hermione -- he hated him.
video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and
Hermione didn't have a clue what was going on.
"Er -- okay," said Hermione.
could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right

letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. The Dursleys

When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story
them glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open. Nearly
"Hullo, Bane," said Hagrid. "All right?"

And speaking of Snape...

worse than ever. Hermione strained to catch what they were saying.


"Hermione!"
fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.


denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion --
for the first time in his life.
And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the
wouldn't have lost so badly if Percy hadn't tried to help him so much.

shoulders and ran to the mirror.
first-year rule. Heaven knows, we need a better team than last year.
his freckles. They crammed their pockets with the last of the sweets and
snapped Ron. "I'm with Hermione. I wouldn't put anything past Snape. But
Ronan pawed the ground nervously. "I'm sure Firenze thought he was
were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a

I don't think so," said Hermione, I think it's just been knocked out."

The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop.
him and a couple of other stupid first years.
"Hope to see you in Hufflepuff!" said the Friar. "My old house, you

"You know what this means?" he finished breathlessly. "He tried to get
bobbing away in the darkness.
"SHHHH!" said Hagrid again. "Listen - come an' see me later, I'm not
might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him. The pain in his head
together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way --

Quirrell cursed under his breath.
"Should tell Filch, I should," said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his
"Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there's still

still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.
that strangers in the street seemed to know him. Very strange strangers
"School houses. There's four. Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o'
They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape
enough...
"STOP! I FORBID YOU!" yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.

"They've never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have

Hermione wouldn't have noticed it was there. The people hurrying by didn't

either of them since the day Hermione's broomstick had arrived.



Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one
"N-nothing."
"Use the boy... Use the boy..."
then... I can' remember too well, 'cause he kept buyin' me drinks....

left without another word. Hermione turned and saw the Dursleys drive away.
He left.
A whistle sounded.
"... d-don't know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places,
library, he held up his lamp to read the titles.
keep running into Snape wherever he went. At times, he even wondered

through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him -and in a rush of

hating your father's memory in peace...."
"I might get lucky again."
It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold

Malfay certainly did talk about flying a lot. He complained loudly about
"Just a bit of toast," wheedled Harry.
There was a tap on the dark window.

Hermione swallowed.
under all the hair.
"Light?" said Ron, but Harry told him to be quiet until she'd looked
down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his
Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to


"Give it here," Hermione called, "or I'll knock you off that broom!" "Oh,

chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from
Hermione counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg

though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his

"I'd take you on anytime on my own," said Malfoy. "Tonight, if you want.
Hermione's heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it
looked over her shoulder to read it:
them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had
hoops. Follow me?"
again. Funny, really... he needn't have bothered. I couldn't do anything
"I suppose you think you're harder to get past than a pack of
Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin.
the back of the Dursleys' car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the
Hermione any more, after all. This was the first night he hadn't been upset
"First -- to Mr. Ronald Weasley..."
hugging him. He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before.
parents were brave.... I killed your father first; and he put up a
after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were
night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I
grandmother had never let him near one. Privately, Hermione felt she'd had





"We'll just have to --" Hermione began, but a voice suddenly rang across
1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his
Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive. He was tall,
noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap
Just then, the mail arrived. Hermione had gotten used to this by now, but
"This," said Wood, "is the Golden Snitch, and it's the most important
shock. He'd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been
Hermione made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night. He
"The library?" said Hagrid, following them out of the hall. "Just before
"Must get on -- lots ter buy. Come on, Hermione."
Hermione and Harry followed him out of the clearing, staring over their
points are all in and Slytherin won, of course -- you missed the last
"Let me explain. The happiest man on earth would be able to use the
Muggles?"


"But there aren't wild dragons in Britain?" said Hermione.
flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick
when you're on the train home tomorrow, you're so --"
Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,

as though they knew someone was there who shouldn't be.
itself covered in several feet of snow. The lake froze solid and the
"No -- I'm alone -- but I'm different -- I look older -- and I'm head

you just see?"
He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt
caught you!"), and disappointment that he hadn't at least found out who
Hermione caught a glimpse of her face -- and was startled to see that she
know..." he said heavily.


Hermione sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old
gone far if it's this badly hurt, an' then we'll be able ter -- GET

hissing fires all over the hall.
He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.

"Oh, move over," Harry snarled. She grabbed Hermione's wand, tapped the
Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding
"Dumbledore -- you can't. I've been watching them all day. You couldn't
Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd,





a baby, after all."
there -- and so was Malfoy. Hermione had also forgotten that Malfoy had
really horrible, or Filch wouldn't be sounding so delighted.
It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Hermione swore to himself not
What's your surname, anyway?"
Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find

portrait hole. "I'll -- I'll fight you!"
like this, people will think you're up to something. And Gryffindor
"All what?" asked Hermione.
getting them to do what he wanted.
dirty rags swimming in gray water.
"None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing! You

throat and made a choking noise.
Except --
before the other team's Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the
whether he dared tell her he'd heard the name "Potter." He decided he
for ages past, so it is now."
Hermione sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed "SEIZE HIM!"
s'ppose yeh've worked that out an' all? Beats me how yeh even know abou'
"Do you want to stop Snape or not?"

difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee,
"Harry, the exams are ages away."
"Master, you are not strong enough!"
The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him



"Better get the cloak," Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left,
on the wall next to the cat. He didn't look at it, but after a moment he

"Bye," said Hermione and Ron. The twins slid the compartment door shut
the same. And of course, you will never get such good results with
stoat sandwiches, which they refused.
"Am I?" said Hermione, feeling dazed.
sandwiches inside. He pulled one of them apart and said, "She always
slope, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and
"Oh," said the boy, "I've heard of him. He's a sort of servant, isn't
our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit!


"Do you mean ter tell me," he growled at the Dursleys, "that this boy --
"No problems, were there?"
didn't remember the dream at all.
I think he sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he knows more or

"It's not a stoat sandwich, is it?" said Hermione anxiously, and at last

years. Quite apart from wanting to win, Hermione found that he had fewer
"Snape wants the stone for Voldemort... and Voldemort's waiting in the
"Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. "At last. And where did
legs. He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and

Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them
Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face Snape. I'll show
corner of his eye he saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing
could they ever make up for this?
The Slytherins were cheering. No one seemed to have noticed that Hermione's
thought he might be hiding Hermione underneath it.

to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.
Shaking, Hermione moved three spaces to the left.
deep into Goyle's knuckle - Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung


curiously. It was full of wizard photographs. Smiling and waving at him
see, didn't look too pleased with the seating arrangements.
"Now what?" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Hermione as though he'd
HALLOWEEN





Madam Hooch. "Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come
bloody handkerchief. "I'm not going to be able to hold a quill for a
into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.
get the letters for number four first. His heart hammered as he crept
The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way

ready!"
The others laughed.




went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.
fast as he could toward Peeves's shouts.

done, peering about nervously.
third floor. Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that
running toward them. He got to his feet, trembling.
"My dear Professor, I 've never seen a cat sit so stiffly."
He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, "It
with them.
hand.
Perhaps Hermione had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange
pewter on yer list"), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing
"All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which
silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and
right famous at Hogwarts."
seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his


"Good afternoon, Hermione," said Dumbledore. Hermione stared at him. Then he

It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more
that Hermione had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind. After a
Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it
"Hi, Hagrid, want any help?" Ron asked, sticking his head through the


hands. Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class. His

into tears and said she couldn't believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he
Hermione's plate. Hermione tore it open at once. It said, in a very untidy

"Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Ron.
"I've got the Snitch!" he shouted, waving it above his head, and the
fingertips. Then he looked up at Ron and said, "If anything happens to

mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
several people behind him screamed.
as his enemies. Nevertheless, Hermione, while you may only have delayed his
widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown.

"He saved his life."
sword, he said, "I'm warning you, Dursley -I'm warning you -- one more

they're really funny. Everyone expects me to do as well as the others,

At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a

Fluffy."
after the grounds.
Snape was still ignoring Harry's quivering hand.

"HARRY POTTER!"
"Quick!"
"Red card!" said Dean furiously. "In soccer you get shown the red card
anything like that.
when I had Lord Voldemort on my side...."
troll, quite apart from anything else.

"And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?"
large, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Hermione written on it in
ordinary way. He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and
show me your other brothers and everyone."
Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.
we need is here on this paper. Seven bottles: three are poison; two are
"Go away, Peeves, or the Baron'll hear about this, I mean it!" barked
"Well enough. Look, I've jus' bin askin' Ronan, you seen anythin' odd in

He left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little mercy to his followers
"Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said Hagrid, pulling a large book


amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.

Only Ron stood by him.
Head boy an' girl at Hogwarts in their day! Suppose the myst'ry is why
Gringotts carts." He did still look a bit sick, so Hermione entered Madam
"Do we -- er -- have to join you to get across?" The black knight

was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a
It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down their

place tonight."

just never knew you shouldn't. See what I mean? I've got loads to
and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to
nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she
that stood out, livid, on Hermione's forehead.
"Oh, of course, you wouldn't know -- Chocolate Frogs have cards, inside
in midair, and even though Hermione could feel his arm supporting it, the
steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a
certain, there was no television in there.

not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch....
gone, Vol-, I mean, You-Know- Who --"
wouldn't try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe."
the Dursleys saying that he'd somehow turned his teacher's wig blue. He
silly stunt -- these people were obviously collecting for something...
Hermione looked at the tiny bottle.
Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Hermione and Harry were in

took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly
"Bye, Hermione!"
a troublesome zombie, but they weren't sure they believed this story.
learned a new word ("Won't!"). Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. When

"It's the full Body-Bind," said Harry miserably. "Oh, Neville, I'm so
He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Hermione.
right direction. They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor
You-Know-Who was one."
Hagrid gave a weak chuckle. "Nah. Dumbledore gave me the day off
Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with the
"Move along now," said a sharp voice. "The Sorting Ceremony's about to
thought two of his ribs might already have cracked from trying not to
centaurs... they know things... jus' don' let on much."
"For the best! What is that to do with us? Centaurs are concerned with

From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I don't
reading the sign that said Privet Drive -- no, looking at the sign; cats


"Stop moving!" Harry ordered them. "I know what this is -- it's
whether Ron or Harry was angrier about this. She hadn't spoken to
again tonight. He had almost forgotten about Flamel. It didn't seem very
"Las' time I saw you, you was only a baby," said the giant. "Yeh look a
it onto an empty seat.
"Hey, Potter, come down!'
world. My world. Yer parents' world."
off the shelves at random. Hermione wandered over to the Restricted
"The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and
"'Course," said Hagrid. "They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, 0 '
"Ron! Ron! Where are you? The game's over! Hermione's won! We've won!
snake could hear him. "It must be really annoying."
Questions exploded inside Hermione's head like fireworks and he couldn't

And the school bellowed:
"There's a note!" said Ron suddenly. "A note fell out of it!"
that Lily and James Potter are -- are -- that they're -- dead. "
"This is boring," Dudley moaned. He shuffled away.
restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker

little shops. Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a
Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched
again, and again, why, he may never return to power."
Bludgers.



wondering....
boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping
roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to
full strength and power -- something that will mean you can never die.
be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off."
Before Ron could say another word, Harry had disappeared. Ron turned
that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right''
Hermione got to his feet. He was shaking and out of breath. Ron was
Great Hall didn't simply open on to the heavens.
sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed
Harry had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on
he'd been looking for someone to practice that on."
few, well- chosen words. Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the


later. Filch knew the secret passageways of the school better than
very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Hermione
wouldn't be too bad.... Anyway, we'd better go and look for Neville's

"I'm not having one in the house, Petunia! Didn't we swear when we took
As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw --

were the only things in the room that looked as though they'd never been
you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?"
still in possession."
We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle

Nobody answered.

its owner's head. The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on its
Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad
ceiling.


"Finch-Fletchley, Justin!"



and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.
bank. If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon -- Norbert had been bad
with your father, didn't you know? They loathed each other. But he never
ground. The cat's tail twitched and its eyes narrowed.

"No, thank you," said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn't

spell that Snape needs to break through --"
with magic in 'em in a long line 0' Muggles -- look at yer mum! Look
when he asked how to get onto the platform."
"Oh, I will," said Hermione, and they were surprised at the grin that was
A smarter hat than me.
Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with

"I've seen you before!" said Hermione, as Dedalus Diggle's top hat fell off
every flavor, they mean every flavor -- you know, you get all the

And now there were only three people left to be sorted. "Thomas, Dean,"
Hermione bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a distance there was no
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander


"I'll show you now," said Wood. "Take this."

horrible yell.
me for mercy..."

stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.





beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.
team too -- Beaters."
Four minutes to go. Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of
remembered we'd done that one."
I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong....'"
possible to their hot cauldrons.

best teachers if you ask me.... It's just a pity they let the old
white chessmen had no faces.
looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. He
Uncle Vernon's courage failed again; he flattened himself against the
stepped into the corridor, Filch's face loomed suddenly out of the
the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and

"The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the


Your top hats sleek and tall,
wizard, of course."
"Some sort of test, I think. Fred said it hurts a lot, but I think he

"Just the one?"
with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Hermione had caught Ron

"What are you three doing inside?"

"Ron!" said Harry suddenly, "Hermione --"
second later the hat had shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!"
"Good luck, Hermione Potter," said Firenze. "The planets have been read
Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten
sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted
Potter."

stuff from the kitchens."

the midst of the cloud of keys. They grabbed and snatched, but the
whatever "everyone" was saying, she was not going to believe it until


"Right," said Wood. "Now, Quidditch is easy enough to understand, even
"Sorry, George, dear."
Hermione's letter clutched in his hand.
The Sea. He pulled out the letter and read:
"Busy year?" she said.
glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him
famous place."

"Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," Ron sighed, as evening
"Could do with some of those letters now, eh?" he said cheerfully.
Dear Mr. Potter,


They fell backward -- Hermione slammed the door shut, and they ran, they
Quirrell shivered suddenly. "He does not forgive mistakes easily. When I
"We can only guess," said Dumbledore. "We may never know."
Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his
But what they were, they didn't find out. Harry had turned to the
-- werewolves, I heard."
dream or even a cartoon -- they seemed to think he might get dangerous
apart from Fluffy."
Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: "Some say he died.
"He'll be all right," said Hermione, trying to convince himself. "What do

ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and mar- malade, but then


you reckon's next?"

down their quills and roll up their parchment, Hermione couldn't help
"You're in luck, Weasley, Potter's obviously spotted some money on the
to his horror, it was Snape who replied, "The Restricted Section? Well,
guarding something."
yeh -- took care of yer mum an' dad an' yer house, even -- but it didn't
with cold, Hermione spotted the suit of armor.


didn't seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming
Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore. Professor
looking disapprovingly at the package in Hermione's hand.
herself blown up and we got landed with you!"
chess --"

reflected behind him, were at least ten others. Hermione looked over his
then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course. But how is the boy

"I'd like to see your mom and dad," Ron said eagerly.
of jealousy and spite on his face. "You'll be in for it this time,
could've done if he was comin' back.

thing -- ").
Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and Harry he was going to ask Snape if
up the steps but could hardly raise one end and twice he dropped it
them next to the baker's. He eyed them angrily as he passed. He didn't
"Goblins?"
"They'll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have lost loads


"Come on."
Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. Harry
Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years;

shoulder -- but still, no one was there. Or were they all invisible,



Professor McGonagall Hermione had forgotten they still had detentions to do
He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.
appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked

Indeed, by the next morning Hermione and Ron thought that meeting the
Hermione climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor. There was no
late."
Hermione suddenly turned to Ron. Charlie, he said.

tight as he could. Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Hermione off -- the
Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his
"Rubbish," said Hagrid, who hadn't heard a word of what had gone on next
"That's mine!" said Hermione, trying to snatch it back.
than a set of traffic lights. And it didn't stop there. Within seconds
her. Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant
You-Know-Who never tried to get 'em on his side before... probably knew
steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people. A sign
it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it


He had to start somewhere. Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor,
went.





umbrella?"
"Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said Ron, and they left
nothing happened until I was eight. Great Uncle Algie came round for
"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,
"Everywhere else is full."
"They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then,



studyin' outta books but then he took a year off ter get some firsthand
of? It must have been a trick of the light. Mr. Dursley blinked and

Hermione couldn't take it in. This couldn't be true, it couldn't.
eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns;
"Because he's a prefect," said their mother fondly. "All right, dear,
"You got there? You got Harry's owl?"
"A Nimbus Two Thousand, sit," said Hermione, fighting not to laugh at the
wondered what their punishment was going to be. It must be something

"But Hermione -- what if You-Know-Who's with him?"
"What?"
through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.
had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He
Hermione handed the flute over. In the few seconds' silence, the dog





name Albus Dumbledore.

bottles, globes of the moon....
he? I never saw his face, he kept his hood up."
Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Hermione's heart gave a leap. Every
He grinned at Hermione's amazement. They stepped through the archway. Hermione

didn't approve of imagination.
completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled
was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.



their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to
sweater. "She obviously makes more of an effort if you're not family."
asleep.
Hermione sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the
the scraping of heavy trunks.
yeah, Professor Snape."
ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner
desperate, Hermione asked for the train that left at eleven o'clock, but
people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Hermione tried to get a
Hermione couldn't sit down. He paced up and down in front of the fire. He
delicious feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a
"But so will we, won't we?" "Of course not," said Harry. "Everything

yellow eyes like a hawk.
these days, I'll get him --"
"Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?"


strode out of sight; Hermione didn't think Quirrell had even noticed him.



One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore
outskirts of a big city. Dudley and Hermione shared a room with twin beds
Hermione had gone very white. As soon as he found his voice he said, "Blown
yeh ter this lot..."


what was good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like the
common room. A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning
one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across
their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of
took one look at him, and burst into tears.
at how crazy his hero was.
Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock like
prefects, "My brother, you know! My youngest brother! Got past
"You don't understand," said Hermione, "this is important."
them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.

never done before; he visited Hermione in his cupboard.
yesterday ter fix it. 'Course, he shoulda sacked me instead -- anyway,
hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort's yells of, "KILL HIM!
almost there -- and then, quite suddenly, he wasn't anywhere.

"SO WHAP" Hermione shouted. "Don't you understand? If Snape gets hold of
A voice echoed through the train: "We will be reaching Hogwarts in five

He was looking over at Hermione as he spoke. Crabbe and Goyle chuckled.

quicker he leaves this forest, the better."
looked so handsome and grown-up. Hermione didn't trust himself to speak. He
Hermione saw it. In a great rush of excitement he dived downward after the
feeling Hermione had gotten from the teacher's look -- a feeling that he


The snake nodded vigorously.
"We're nearly there," he muttered suddenly. "Let me think let me
the world to do...."

became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded
Neville's hadn't moved at all. Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell
And Hermione let go. Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down,
come with me an' see the Great Hall, looks a treat."
the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reason to tell them off

Diggle."

"And no wonder we couldn't find Flamel in that Study of Recent
Hardly anyone had seen Hermione play because Wood had decided that, as
father's cloak and everything?"
up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous
eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.


"I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks."
held in its beak.
even lasted two weeks. He'd be packing his bags in ten minutes. What

Alley -how could he have been so stupid? He'd seen Quirrell there that
forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the
the back of his seat to help.
empty painting. The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Harry

She held up a letter so they could read the green ink address:
As Hermione and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets
"Make Hermione get it."
the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes,



excitement. He didn't know what he was going to but it had to be better
your little friends with you," said Hermione coolly. There was of course

to Hermione during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they

suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not
"DotA be stupid," snapped Aunt Petunia. "I'm dyeing some of Dudley's old
painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with
hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and
Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred
"Wearing the glasses?"
was about two inches long, they didn't have much chance of guessing what
"Yeah -- so yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it, I'll tell yeh that. Never
trick staircase if you met him when you were late for class. He would

really can't afford to lose any more points, can it?"
thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he'd opened the

"Nothing, Neville, nothing," said Hermione, hurriedly putting the cloak
running off, now, it'll be worse for you if you do."
"Hurry up, boy!" shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen. "What are you
He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he
crowd. No sign of the Snitch yet, eh?"
for yeh!"
"This way," said Hermione, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the
Hermione didn't feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment. If
down on a toilet, clutching his heart.
Dumbledore." "Why were you expelled?"
"Why?" panted Harry, hurrying to keep up.
"I'm not sure that'll work, Vernon."


and Harry.
"So?" said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable. "She must've noticed
families.



"Look!" Harry seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. Hermione

should be somewhere in the middle, but they don't seem to have built it


the great castle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed nearer
Hermione walked toward him.

dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas
ideas, and between you and me, that's saying something. You see, only
"Yer not from a Muggle family. If he'd known who yeh were -- he's grown
"Have a good term," said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile. He

To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:
"Urgh -- troll boogers."
save up twig by twig."
"Of course not," said Hermione, eager to see more magic. Hagrid pulled out

A Beginners' Guide to Transfiguration by Emetic Switch
Elfric the Eager."
"Peeves," he said, in a hoarse whisper, "the Bloody Baron has his own

was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more
"It's obvious," said Ron. "You can pretend to be waiting for Professor
"I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.
slipped his wand up his sleeve.
him. The evil face was now smiling.


of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms -- Hermione could see
to meddle in things that weren't his business from now on. He'd had it

he didn't want to walk into the station in his wizard's robes -- he'd
him.
The forest was black and silent. A little way into it they reached a
A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot
the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very

"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next


on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to
Harry Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if
Harry ran to turn him over. Neville's jaws were jammed together so he
then yeh gotta find yer way -- Gringotts is hundreds of miles under


able to get it, otherwise they'd just see themselves making gold or
Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at
At that moment Neville toppled into the common room. How he had managed
"Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here."
obviously in one of the towers -- they found their beds at last: five
"Get out of the way," snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a

He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of
She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. She had to struggle
The Weasley twins' friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the
shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dressed all in
unpleasant.
he ever refereed a Quidditch match? He's not going to be fair if we
championship.
"Go to Professor McGonagall!" Harry urged Neville. "Report him!"
How they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never


red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying. Their

the Christmas decorations.
because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the

day. After all, to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great
"Oh, Hermione, we were sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried
dream up, eh?"


inside him had got a puncture.
those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they're

"We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Hermione.
"Exactly," said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his

Like everything else he owned, it had once belonged to someone else in
Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to
Hermione watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn't look at him again.

"I know what you're thinking about, Hermione, that mirror. Don't go back
squashed box. Hermione opened it with trembling fingers. Inside was a

knows he can trust me, see.
"-- packed with Muggles, of course --"

"And did he -- did he seem interested in Fluffy?" Hermione asked, try ing
and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Hermione in his cupboard, force him to do
room again. With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much

talking loudly at once. He slipped into a seat between Ron and Harry
him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?"
DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.
exasperated, half admiring. "But you're different. Everyone knows you're
knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound.
return to power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to
"--and he said people from Muggle families shouldn't even be allowed


the Hufflepuff table. Hermione saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving
"Er -- I need to be at King's Cross tomorrow to -- to go to Hogwarts."


Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself
o'clock," he read.
Hermione was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell
"You want to watch out for Peeves," said Percy, as they set off again.
Hermione suddenly realized that the tape measure, which was measuring
splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been
Hermione and Ron thought.
Harry didn't turn up for the next class and wasn't seen all
They passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite direction,


"What? Where?"
back into bed. The dog was guarding something.... What had Hagrid said?
his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air -- it zoomed around

"Why not?"

Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time.
It happened very suddenly. The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell's
"Yes," said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the
"I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find -- how about --

Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a
vault."
"Which way did they go, Peeves?" Filch was saying. "Quick, tell me."
stared at the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Dursley drove around the



watching -- he stretched out his hand -- a foot from the ground he

doing it that was going to be the problem.
"What is it?" asked Percy.
"Wingardium Leviosa!" he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.
forest's full of dangerous beasts, everyone knows that. I do think he

imagine. I think they should keep it in the old wizarding families.
"What have you been telling him?" growled Bane. "Remember, Firenze, we

the Bludgers."
forbidden corridor on the third floor. And now they knew why it was

Professor McGonagall's voice trembled as she went on. "That's not all.

"I'll be back at dawn," said Filch, "for what's left of them," he added
"That's really nice of her," said Hermione, trying the fudge, which was
get off to bed?"
They settled down in the boat, Hermione still staring at Hagrid, trying to
"Well, I don' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that... let's see... he


does he know about it, some o' the best I ever saw were the only ones
"Very," said Hermione. "Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs.
"Nah -can't spell it. All right -- Voldemort. " Hagrid shuddered. "Don'
Vernon and Aunt Petunia. Taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece.
Filch. Hermione and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their

he had gone -- but how had he done it?
"what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?"
of the rain I promised yesterday, they've had a downpour of shooting
There was an uproar. It took several purple firecrackers exploding from
didn't dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches... terrible
"It's the best place for him," said Dumbledore firmly. "His aunt and
how risky feasts could be. "And you have another visitor."
having to do a spell, but he did wish they could have tried it on


He had always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but
night, Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. It
his relief, a voice came floating in through the train's open door.
"Shhh!" hissed Professor McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles!"
climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined
sign of the bottom.
What looked like the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine and ten.
left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as she strode toward

Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, "we

the Leaky Cauldron, now empty. Hermione didn't speak at all as they walked

handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the
"No," said Hermione flatly, "we've done enough poking around."
very fast about all the spells she'd learned and wondering which one
coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.
and you still seem to have some."
fly off again.
"You're not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. All right, Percy, you go
NICOLAS FLAMEL

Hermione away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and
slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the
"Can we buy all this in London?" Hermione wondered aloud.


players move.

sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry. One of them was
the door and trapped in there," said Griphook.

himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh
wand back into his trunk. "Stupid spell -- George gave it to me, bet he

cloak.
Hermione felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog,
as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin. Professor McGonagall rolled

to think about as tea with Hagrid. Had Hagrid collected that package
sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train

"Hermione Potter!" she squealed. "Look, Mom! I can see

Ron dived, Harry rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Hermione

Hagrid
the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach
putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had
he put it back in his pocket and said, "Hagrid's late. I suppose it was
"Do something," he said desperately.
Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course. Malfoy's eagle owl was





room; that's always unlocked."
"Who's there?" squawked the Fat Lady. Hermione said nothing. He walked

Quirrell cursed again.
A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years.
twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet
"And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" cried
"Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid," said
with Dumbledore watching. All the other teachers thought Snape was
you'll crash into it, that's very important. Best do it at a bit of a
Snitch clasped in his hand.
reasons for being invisible."
"Good of her to get us out of trouble like that," Ron admitted. "Mind
his destiny. Hermione told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it
were about to do.
wasn't true, because Neville was looking stunned and hurt. Poor,
"Who's there?" he shouted. "I warn you -- I'm armed!"
starting on Hermione. He was so angry he could hardly speak. He managed to
"But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too."

before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes,

Curse of the Bogies, but Hermione hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned
open.

Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very
You'll be expelled!"
"Be grateful if yeh didn't mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts," he
"Pretend to break your leg," Harry suggested.
from the Gryffindor table. Hermione, Ron, and Harry stood up to yell and
hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down. A moments pause
catch the last report on the evening news:
the most miserable little shack you could imagine. One thing was
"Professor Snape, Hermione." "Yes, him -- Quirrell said he hates me because
"But if their house was destroyed --"


they'd been bewitched. My dad doesn't believe it. He says Malfoy's

broken. The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working
out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile house screamed and



got slowly to his feet.

me over here a moment."
"I want to hear you're training hard, Potter, or I may change my mind
I told the evil git how ter get past Fluffy! I told him! It was the only
him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was

corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. It was now

Body-Bind Curse put on him.
don't you try her?"



friends Misters Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to
other darkly.
the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop. He was looking at Hermione with

"He lies... He lies..."
where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as
"Yes," said the boy miserably. "Well, if you see him..."
at the end, and shuddered.
holidays weren't nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones. It was hard

face out from behind the tree. "Malfoy was insultin' his family."
I must lie, he thought desperately. I must look and lie about what I
"GO!"
shaking with laughter.

A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious
Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.
"My name is Firenze," he added, as he lowered himself on to his front
reasonably. "Anyway, I know Malfoy's always going on about how good he
its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through

were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper
into me...."
They hadn't realized what a racket they had been making, but of course,
greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little
knee and drooled all over his robes.
remembered: "Sir! The Stone! It was Quirrell! He's got the Stone! Sir,
he still had a black mark on his nose.
Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a


"Listen, you've got to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow. The
as Hermione, because they weren't as well-known, but nobody would speak to

Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look Severus Snape
was that this was not someone to cross.
The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.

something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel
They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private
name of heaven did Hermione survive?"
Hermione stared at the back of Firenze's head, which was dappled silver in
hospital wing. He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next
"Flew?"
cheek, Potter."
Hermione had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley,
They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the

"Oh, sorry," said the other,. not sounding sorry at all. "But they were

recognized the figure's prowling walk. Snape, sneaking into the forest

everything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man,
clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to cheer
senses. He couldn't stay here, he had to find his way back to bed. He
lay quite still, facedown.
right, Hermione, Harry?"
Hermione wasn't listening.
his family -- in this case, his grandfather. However, old chessmen
"Watching -- spying -- might be following us," muttered Uncle Vernon
"Why?"

"Look at me!" he said.

so Hermione could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it. Then
Hermione leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling something. Snape interrupted
"Well done," said George in a low voice. "Wood told us. We're on the

grinned at Hermione. "Comets look flashy, but they're not in the same
Hermione and Harry tried to calm Ron down.
It was lucky that Hermione had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because

"Don't worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us."
"Now what?" said Ron.
on his cart, he broke into a heavy run -- the barrier was coming nearer

As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears. All three of

A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again,

copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several
He took a deep breath, covered his face with his arms, and sprinted
side. If they won their next match, against Hufflepuff, they would

street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was
"Bad news, Vernon," she said. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't
Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded
loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth.
Hufflepuff, I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" "Mmm," said Hermione, wishing




"It's sort of secret," he said, but he wished at once he hadn't, because
"Hermione! Hermione, are you all right?"
full of money. He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a
glass, but the snake didn't budge.
As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Hermione
"About once every ten years," said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.
getting. Harry had now started making study schedules for Hermione and
to get rid of Norbert. We'll have to risk it. And we have got the
half-moon glasses. "It would be enough to turn any boy's head. Famous
sleep, Hermione ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned


stunned.
"Look there," said Hagrid, "see that stuff shinin' on the ground?

but the way Hagrid goes on about it, you'd think it was a fluffy little
very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.
Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He caught himself in time
was something you couldn't learn by heart out of a book -- not that she

low-hanging branches, but did not answer Hermione's question. They made
Hermione felt restless. He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages back, to take

company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying

"I'll use the invisibility cloak," said Hermione. "It's just lucky I got it
Hermione suddenly jumped to his feet.
Don't ask questions -- that was the first rule for a quiet life with the
will be enough -- I'm Harry Granger, by the way, who are you.
Thousand back to the broomshed. He couldn't ever remember feeling
"Hermione Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used -for?"


"Out! OUT!"
they'd done?
they can't be far, we'll catch them."
dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor found out what
about it in Hogwarts, A History."
As the match drew nearer, however, Hermione became more and more nervous,




Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the
"Another year gone!" Dumbledore said cheerfully. "And I must trouble you
"Will you stop messing around!" he yelled. "That's exactly the sort of
"You know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whiskers are a bit lighter,"
Finnigan told it, he'd spent most of his childhood zooming around the
Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another


missed five television programs he'd wanted to see, and he'd never gone
the note of panic in his voice.

lately, have you?"
silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Hermione,
"Hagrid!" said Hermione, "that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday!
-- one o' the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job

questions. There were no photographs of them in the house.
Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris
"Well -- I don' like sayin' the name if I can help it. No one does."
winning the house cup for the seventh year in a row. A huge banner
arms were so long.

looked tearful.
you that scar."
tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion
"Yes... look..."
his new chess set by losing spectacularly to Ron. He suspected he
beneath them? Were there really shops that sold spell books and
sure it is -- try it on."
to the school separately."



reached the top of the marble staircase, "If he hadn't stolen Neville's


his father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffled Dudley's hair.
So where shall I put you?"
things happened. He was takin' over. 'Course, some stood up to him --
"Rubbish," said Hagrid again. "Snape's a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do

when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece of


"No, we don't mind," he said. "You'd think we dragged her along,
gave Harry a rare smile.
others existed only in the mirror.

They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking
Hermione. Aunt Petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to
He bought Hermione a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat
couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.
"You don't want this, it's all dry," said Ron. "She hasn't got much
paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a

yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.
arrived."
The white queen turned her blank face toward him.
You might belong in Gryffindor,
touched.
first."
"Make it move," he whined at his father. Uncle Vernon tapped on the
them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped
"Good Lord," said the bartender, peering at Hermione, "is this -- can this

before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.
Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen. How
and started trying to turn it into a needle. By the end of the lesson,
Hagrid. "Stop Lily an' James Potter' s son goin' ter Hogwarts! Yer mad.
Dead flies and bits of fluff,

isn't he? I mean, he hasn't gone, has he?"
Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by

"Vol-, sorry - You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?"
Hagrid's coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets -- bunches of
given him for Christmas. He pocketed it to use on Fluffy -- he didn't
down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking
Hagrid's going to be in when someone finds out what he's doing --"
clearing. Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks
"How touching..." it hissed. "I always value bravery... Yes, boy, your
But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.

corridor where they slammed into a door -- and it was locked.
Snape?" said Harry in alarm.




left fer him? I was there! I saw Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An'
Hermione could see Draco Malfoy banging his goblet on the table. It was a
one night! I've never heard of such a thing before! You, Miss Granger, I
There was already someone there -- but it wasn't Snape. It wasn't even
"Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his
For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell


up at Hogwarts, with its windows glowing red in the setting sun.
Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a

you learn?"), but by asking her to read it through, they got the right


pair of twin girls, "Patil" and "Patil" then "Perks, Sally-Anne" and
"NOF Hermione and Harry shouted.

It was dinnertime. Hermione had just finished telling Ron what had happened

every second.
"He wants payin' fer deliverin' the paper. Look in the pockets."


unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.

hall full of people craning to get a good look at him. Next second he

of these at the front desk."
Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion
substitutes so the players could get some sleep. "Well, that's it -- any

"Like I said, Yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it," said Hagrid.

"Great idea though, thanks, Mom."
Snape.
lose it as quick as I could. Mind you, I brought Scabbers, so I can't

their younger sister began to cry.

"Now, what's the platform number?" said the boys' mother.
nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection
it had whiskers. Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks
nearly always win. That's why Seekers get fouled so much. A game of
That third night he found his way more quickly than before. He was
weren't a drawback at all. Ron knew them so well he never had trouble
"It certainly seems so," said Dumbledore. "We have much to be thankful


up out of the darkness - this was his big chance to beat Malfoy
his wicked black eyes. "Know you're there, even if I can't see you. Are



had so many questions in his life.
complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didn't
When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large
"I didn't know it was called that, Sir."
"This isn't safe -- she might have gone for Filch, I bet she heard us.
weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it
Grunt. Hermione supposed that meant yes.
work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore
It was the Mirror of Erised.
Snape and Filch were inside, alone. Snape was holding his robes above
"But will it cover all three of us?" said Ron.
"Wanted one ever since I was a kid -- here we go."
minute."
After a good night's sleep, Hermione felt nearly back to normal.
of owls... shooting stars.... Well, they're not completely stupid. They
time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they
flyin' over Bristol."
broken at least twice. This man's name was Albus Dumbledore.
Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while,
"Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Potter?" he asked excitedly.
Devil's Snare!"

Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped.
through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large
line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them. At last, she
crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have
Something gold was glinting just above him. The Snitch! He tried to
in here, students aren' s'pposed ter know. They'll think I've told yeh


But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;
closer look.
burning holes in people's shoes. Within seconds, the whole class was
looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Hermione couldn't keep
quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.
another wizard's wand."
his back on them, Hermione saw a curly pig's tail poking through a hole in
looked like black stone. Facing them, way across the chamber, were the
cup. Hermione felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach. How
"Erm --"
"All right there, Hermione?" he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger
acting for the best, " he said in his gloomy voice.
wrong for years.
You can keep your bowlers black,


It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking
of the Sorcerer's Stone!"

"I am -- I'm wearing the badge like Bill used to -- and I'm holding the

flashed furiously, "-- how dare you -- might have broken your neck --"
with shops.

There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced


"Absolutely," said Professor McGonagall crisply. "The boy's a natural.
"Good wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got

"On vacation in Majorca," snapped Aunt Petunia.
favorite punching bag was Hermione, but he couldn't often catch him. Hermione

should have been a back to Quirrell's head, there was a face, the most
He held out his hand to shake Hermione's, but Hermione didn't take it.
if it's not too easy to play. There are seven players on each side.
about anything acting in a way it shouldn't, no matter if it was in a
Harry?"
Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Hermione was left to find

compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils,
words properly is very important, too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio,
For now they're bare and full of air,
others it took a little while to decide. "Finnigan, Seamus," the

just remembered -- Charlie's letter was in that book Malfoy took, he's

out into the corridor.
I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far
"But Snape always seemed to hate me so much."
"Never mind that -- pig snout, pig snout," panted Hermione, and the
"Crabbe," he said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy

"What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?"
sighed again.
"You can kip under that," he said. "Don' mind if it wriggles a bit, I
They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for


Compared with the Quaffle and the Bludgers, it was tiny, about the size
gigantic feet. Ron pointed -- at the end of a passage to the left,
4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)
laugh.

"We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish," said
Norris skulking near the top.
"We'd better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of

Three boys entered, and Hermione recognized the middle one at once: it was
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle

all worked for me. Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such
anything, or shout at him -- in fact, they didn't speak to him at all.


there's Potter, who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've

confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who.' I have never seen any reason

"We've heard," said Hagrid grumpily. "Well, if either of you do see
nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.
other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school. Dudley

along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the

throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid whooped and
got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was, "Who are
money. He was just taking Hermione through the finer points of the game
"Give us a look, Lee, go on."
had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and
"Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?"
What was going on? Where were the others?
The problem was, strange things often happened around Hermione and it was

They're saying he tried to kill the Potter's son, Hermione. But -- he
"Nine and three-quarters!" piped a small girl, also red-headed, who was
in a school?" said Ron finally. "If any dog needs exercise, that one
more students get thrown out, the better, he'll think. And don't forget,
view of things. She was torn between horror at the idea of Hermione being

in the furor over the points they'd lost. He half expected Harry to
"Dragons!" he whispered. "Hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons!
forest... and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get
"So -- after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating
afternoon.
hide his leg. Hermione gulped.
came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the

Hermione was very relieved to find out that he wasn't miles behind everyone
again. "Hope your business goes well, Baron, I'll not bother you."
"Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?"

and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which

m-myself." He looked terrified at the very thought.
want him in there... I need that room... make him get out...."
THE MIRROR OF ERISED
they're watching the house?"
Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,


"Ouch!" Hermione clapped a hand to his head.



yeh don't know his name, everyone in our world knows --"
to school with that ridiculous haircut, he'd managed to make it grow

This specimen was bred in the zoo. "Oh, I see -- so you've never been to

toads went outta fashion years ago, yeh'd be laughed at - an' I don'


"So -- back again, Hermione?"




"How?" said Harry nervously.

room.
Hermione seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue. He sat
mother's for you leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign... to


It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.
"Got it," said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.
"Aha!" said Hermione, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved,
"And that's where..."
"I can't," said Hagrid. "He's too little. He'd die."
"Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said Harry, looking


Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.

"Oh, come off it, you don't think we'd let you go alone?"
They'd left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.
front to ask the conductor, and he says we're nearly there. You haven't
bathroom. They had just turned the corner when they heard quick
asleep yet. Until they were, he couldn't risk sneaking to the kitchen
fire. Hermione looked at it, too.

Draco Malfoy didn't go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale

Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Harry and

business. Dumbledore's trusted me. More'n my job's worth ter tell yeh
gives us all a bad name and you know, he's not really even a ghost -- I



marks; Harry, of course, had the best grades of the first years. Even

as they approached the giant heads. "I think we'll be able to pull the
"Who's there?" he said suddenly as they climbed toward him. He narrowed
"You've met Malfoy before?"

"What world?"

"No, I don't!"


"It's okay!" he called up to the light the size of a postage stamp,
turned it off quickly and dressed silently. He mustn't wake the
"Be warned, Potter -- any more nighttime wanderings and I will

school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven years there and he
-- exactly the same as Slytherin. They had tied for the house cup -- if


"Is that you, Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get started."
she had, to get them out of trouble. It was as if Snape had started
the roof of the school kitchens. Dudley's gang had been chasing him as
high windows. At every turn Hermione expected to run into Filch or Mrs.
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making

Ronan, you two. He's a centaur.))
wafting through the corridors. Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
"Oh, right!" said Harry, and she whipped out her wand, waved it,
"I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore,
particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
accidents even with both feet on the ground.
around himself. Looking down at his legs, he saw only moonlight and

fight on the grounds. Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they

They bought Hermione's school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts
the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.
than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.
"Hagrid!" said Hermione loudly. "There's an owl
"A bit," said Harry timidly.
Hermione, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron's ears
boy in Madam Malkin's.
Hermione couldn't eat. He had seen his parents and would be seeing them

stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and
Ron glared at her as she left. Hermione peered out of the window. It was

bananas. He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked
Suddenly, Hermione felt wide-awake. The whole of Hogwarts was open to him
Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence.
heartstring. Nine inches. Nice and flexible. just take it and give it a
Hermione watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the


"Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see it, then."
they came to a sudden halt.
hurtling up the tracks toward them. They climbed in -- Hagrid with some
across a vomitflavored one, and since then I'm afraid I've rather lost



Professor McGonagall stopped outside a classroom. She opened the door

"Keep playing," Ron warned Hermione as they slipped out of the cloak and
horrible to Hermione. Could Snape possibly know they'd found out about the
sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to
Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice
be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never
"Then who does? Sir, I --"

"Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here!
We could send Norbert to him. Charlie can take care of him and then put

He looked in the mirror again. A woman standing right behind his
The minutes dragged by. Their ears seemed sharper than usual. Hermione's


"What?" said Hermione.
would commit such a crime. The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive,
little fuller than they were... you have the whole summer ahead to get
that was where he slept.
-- an' poor little Hermione off ter live with Muggles -"

On Hermione's other side, Percy Weasley and Harry were talking about

"We won't practice with the Snitch yet," said Wood, carefully shutting
looked like an unpleasant lot. He was starting to feel definitely sick
Hermione nodded.


Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a

and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the
Hermione's broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn' try an' kill a student!
When you are older... I know you hate to hear this... when you are
unwrapped.
"This needs thinking about 	he said. I suppose we've got to take the
neck. "Shut up, I'm trying to remember how to kill it!" said Harry.
First, however slyly the poison tries to hide
According to the large clock over the arrivals board, he had ten minutes
above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well
"That's the house Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who was in?"

been destroyed."
battered now that it had been caught twice.
past that three-headed dog at Halloween! That's where he was going when
Hermione and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn't new to them.
extremely dirty. Aunt Petunia wouldn't have let it in the house.
broomsticks? Might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursleys had
look carefully. So that must mean..." he looked around the chamber while


next afternoon, that Ron and Harry were wondering whether they'd ever


Hermione had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but

Halloween like that, for all I knew you'd seen me coming to look at what
you out with a few of these."
It was the best evening of Hermione's life, better than winning at
"All yours," smiled Hagrid.

"Slytherin in possession -- Flint with the Quaffle -- passes Spinnet --
another lemon drop and did not answer.

spot.
"But how do we know which to drink?"



they were sure it wouldn't be allowed. Unfortunately, something about
to keep his voice calm.
"I'm sayin' nothin, said Hagrid flatly.
pulled on his bathrobe.
up you get.".
basket -- but propped against the wall facing him was something that
"New students!" said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them. "About to be
supply of some basic potion ingredients for Hermione, Hermione himself
the moonlight.
Lucky they found Hagrid, don't you think? Why didn't I see it before?"
They didn't tell him much. Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled

Muggles from noticing us if we're keeping dragons in the back garden -
something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages,
CHAPTER TWO

life. Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid



right into that barrier and then he'd be in trouble -- leaning forward





his first match after weeks of training: Gryffindor versus Slytherin. If
Harry looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Hermione was
key, slam the door, and lock it.
thought there must be thick trees there. Nobody spoke much. Neville, the

a powerful magical substance, Mr. Potter. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix
"I get that all the time.
feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn

It was a while before any of them said anything. Neville, indeed, looked
root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?"
another one and Hermione was allowed to finish the first.
"So -- yeh wanted to ask me somethin'?"

"Me!" said Harry. "Books! And cleverness! There are more important
across the dark hall toward the front door --
twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor,
"Come back, boy!" she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a
street.
Hermione and Harry rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day
Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but
air."
"...for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I

thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid -- we know we're
off the spindly chair.
on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to
breaking any more rules! And you were the one who told me to stand up to
shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.
doormat.
that as well."

full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort,

prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say.
breathe."
please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!" And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing
He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.
muttering to herself.
of a goat and it will save you from most poisons. As for monkshood and
Hermione took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr.


himself in time to hear Snape say, "-- your little bit of hocus-pocus.
ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Hermione.
flattering voice. Hagrid's beard twitched and they could tell he was
"The one we've all been waiting for," said George.
several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more. He was in a
"He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive," Professor
Harry had already jumped. She landed on Hermione's other side.
burying his face in it. "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead


Snape.
"Right then," said Hagrid, "now, listen carefully, 'cause it's dangerous
the binoculars back on Hermione. His broom was vibrating so hard, it was
the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.
fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Hermione, who was
in the middle, nothing at all.
"Resign?" Wood thundered. "What good'll that do? How are we going to get
"He's not serious?" he muttered to Percy.


"Did you see his scar?"

It wasn't going to be that simple. They hadn't gone more than a dozen
"We've got to close in on it!" Hermione called, not taking his eyes off the
didn't look it, but he was very fast.
queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he
never, ever forget tonight.
the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.
The goblin read the letter carefully.
but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your
great tufts out of his mustache at the same time. I want you all back

"But this isn't soccer, Dean," Ron reminded him.


Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he
Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Hermione.


take you down to both vaults. Griphook!"

Pomfrey..."
front door.
dozen feasts and parties on my way here."
SMASH!
Hermione jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. He couldn't believe
shoulder.
They walked on through the dense, dark trees. Hermione kept looking




Mrs. Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over dinner all
top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting.
"Or twice --"
Harry had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand --
Malfoy couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Hermione and Ron were
Hermione was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous
let off his feelings. Now he was back to staring around for the Snitch.

There was a loud "Oooooh!"
the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were
abysmal Potions one. They had hoped that Goyle, who was almost as stupid
Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had
cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the Dursleys to get up. Two
"Yes, but not to us," said Ron in exasperation. "Neville, you don't know
open. The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Hagrid, who
know?"

"He's lost his marbles," Ron muttered in Hermione's ear.
get that with the Muggles -- someone tried to rob a high security
"Blown up a toilet? We've never blown up a toilet."
to?
demands on his time --

will be in even more trouble."
"Hermione!" Neville burst Out, the moment he saw the other two. "I was
Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you -- but
clenched.
pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits
finally, Hermione pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.
is -- they're really rare, and really valuable."
"You!" said Ron furiously. "Go back to bed!"
"It's Hedwig!" said Hermione, hurrying to let her in. "She'll have


unwrap his turban. What was going on? The turban fell away. Quirrell's
exhausted, their throats sore. But the night's surprises weren't over.
with work, though. He watched an owl flutter toward the school across

"Stay there!" she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls'
"You've forgotten something..."
the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung

looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly
"Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Hermione.
"I hate them both," said Hermione, "Malfoy and Snape."
take him." She jerked her head in Hermione's direction.
leave those brooms where they are or you'll be out of Hogwarts before
aconite. Well? Why aren't you all copying that down?"
shouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing. "Don't
"Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,

"I don't want more trouble," he mumbled.
markings out of his pocket. "Which is your wand arm?"
they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an
back."
cold with a bloody lump on its head.
I'd say."
yet.
"Can you hear something?" Ron whispered.

"Three Chasers, one Keeper," said Hermione, who was determined to remember

"Mars is bright tonight," Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him

Too weak to carry on. 'Cause somethin' about you finished him, Hermione.
try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and
what it was standing on.
themselves tightly around Hermione.
The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It
At last there was silence again.
but that was before he met Draco Malfoy.	Still, first-year
Yet Hermione Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for
Hagrid all about their first -lessons. Fang rested his head on Hermione's
to protect you.... Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have


earth was he going to do? He was starting to attract a lot of funny
His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon

"Not arguing, I hope, boys?" he squeaked.
become a bit depressing after a while.

resolution not to interfere in anything that didn't concern him was put
still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.
em, see, an' when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o' brandy mixed with


four-posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains. Their trunks had
"What would you know about it, Weasley, you couldn't afford half the


was guarding the Stone."

trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to
"Search me."
guarding, it's a Sorcerer's St --"


mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the excitement of the
doing, checking for letter bombs?" He chuckled at his own joke.
the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw


without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.
"Well, there you are," Hermione said quietly, "Snape's already got past
his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he
over the wound in the animal's side, and began to drink its blood.
trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me -- he

"Where's Percy?" said their mother.
honor."

jerk and Hermione swung off it. He was now dangling from it, holding on
A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a
"Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. Not today. Not



sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.

The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr.

Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to
They went off to lunch.
that Hagrid sat on to wait. Hermione felt strangely as though he had


Hermione shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor
goggle at in a zoo. Is he really, Fred? How do you know?"
"The little bronze ones."


two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the --
But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink
"How to get onto the platform?" she said kindly, and Hermione nodded.
particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in

you? What if you knock something over?"

A second, very small parcel contained a note.
Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he
his voice again, Hermione said, "And the invisibility cloak - do you know
billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Hermione noticed a shiny silver badge
look again. There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet
The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. They went to bed
"What are these?" Hermione asked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs.

anything about magic at all. How can they expect great things? I'm

"There's only enough there for one of us," he said. "That's hardly one
cooked up? If Hermione hadn't known that the Dursleys had no sense of
"I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy --" the ghost began




afternoon. Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside


sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained
television -- then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Hermione's eleventh birthday. Of

and nearer -- he wouldn't be able to stop -- the cart was out of control
hadn't learned all the course books by heart either.
this boy! -- knows nothin' abou' -- about ANYTHING?"
collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.

thing he didn't know, an' I told him! Yeh could've died! All fer a
force Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past

telling him they'd be running around underneath him holding a mattress.

"Don't know why he's so bothered," said Ron. "If I'd brought a toad I'd
Five minutes later, Ron and Harry joined him, shaking their heads.
pieces before his eyes. Uncle Vernon didnt go to work that day. He
"Oh, no," said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.

his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here."
"There's no need to tell me I'm not brave enough to be in Gryffindor,
"And we'd better stay outside the third-floor corridor," Hermione told Ron.
enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.
But don't judge on what you see,
know."
just left the room, and from what Hermione had just heard, Snape would be
once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!"
Hermione pushed the door open.
"I thought you weren't speaking to us?" said Hermione.

Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short, gray hair, and

mentioned Nicolas Flamel we've been trying to find out who he is."
It was as Hermione dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously

telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone
Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars all over Britain?


she was about to faint. The troll was advancing on her, knocking the
went on. "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him,

straight at Ron and started licking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was

around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel. Every


stars! Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early -- it's
The oldest boy came striding into sight. He had already changed into his
He let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous
last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.
against the wall. Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.



"Yes," said Hermione. He was looking at the other boys. Both of them were
inside its envelope.
back. "He was on to me by that time, trying to find out how far I'd got.
the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free
his grandfathers nodding happily. Hermione sank down to sit on the floor in
with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.
Malfoy. And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive."
"Don't worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers -- I
book. He wasn't in Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century, or Notable
THE END
door.
"Five, you mean, once she's taken off Harry's."
received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for


ghosts. Hermione spotted Professor Quirtell, too, the nervous young man
shouldn't you?"


head, and began to pin it to the right length.
They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across

Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs,
busy with its heads."


people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious,
The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging
ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an' Dumbledore



wrongly before now, even by centaurs. I hope this is one of those
referee your next match? He was trying to make sure I didn't do it
I would trust Hagrid with my life," said Dumbledore.

"Well?" said Quirrell impatiently. "What do you see?"
Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the
get to the mirror he hadn't noticed him.
had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow
said Fred. "We haven't won since Charlie left, but this year's team is

"You must be Hermione's family!" said Mrs. Weasley.

students who would be staying for the holidays, and Hermione had signed up
Teach us something please,
or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron

them.
"Unicorn hair's nearly poking out. Anyway
"I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are."
horrible feeling he'd just plunged it into a bucket of ice-cold water.

"What?"
gave it to Neville, who looked as though he might cry.
Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog
"I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all
asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors
long as he could remember, ever since he'd been a baby and his parents
He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes.
classroom in front of them.

"I never expected this," he said, in a low, worried voice. "I had no
So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to -the Great
still muttering, "Curious... curious..
finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn't fit
won the house cup for Gryffindor."
They had reached another door.


"But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing -- I thought Snape was


glass, saying, "The usual, Hagrid?"

"Well done, Ron, excellent," said Percy Weasley Pompously across Hermione
The common room was packed and noisy. Everyone was eating the food that
Stone's here fer a good reason. It Was almost stolen outta Gringotts - I

afraid of With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won't touch you. Anyway,
"I do -- Father says it's a crime if I'm not picked to play for my
good, is it? I've tried a few simple spells just for practice and it's
with some secret magic.




Potter..." said Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet for pure nerve
Hermione dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.
ready, you will know."
is there?"
"Very well," Snape cut in. "We'll have another little chat soon, when
The giant chuckled darkly.

Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the
cut up his steak,
Uncle Vernon grunted again.



"Hello," said Hermione awkwardly.





letters when they got back that he'd be able to steal one somehow.



If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride

A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. It grew
"What's all th is noise.
the red Quaffle. Hermione noticed that they seemed to be straining to
"That wasn' no werewolf an' it wasn' no unicorn, neither," said Hagrid
spent all evening giving him advice such as "If he tries to curse you,
"Bet you could," Ron muttered.
asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as

room, where he found Ron and Harry playing chess. Chess was the only
All Hermione could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him

He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke.
any points back if we can't win at Quidditch?"
"Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something
"Yes -- Potter -- come here."



Ron didn't answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because







cans outside the kitchen doors. Hermione supposed that the wind must have

letter. Surely that meant they'd try again? And this time he'd make sure
being stupid. Potter wasn't such an unusual name. He was sure there were
him, telling him he must transfer to Slytherin at once, because it was
"And it's really none of your business," said Hermione.
outta Mr. Hermione Potter's safe."
Hermione knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the
potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils
and hurried from the room.

he decided ter kill 'em, no one except you, an' he'd killed some o' the

through it -- Neville needed a leg up -- and found themselves in the

"Hermione -- you're a great wizard, you know."
"You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time."
falling asleep (Neville wasn't back from the hospital wing). Ron had
reflection was smiling at him and waving. He reached out a hand and felt
hissing voice said, "Brazil, here I come.... Thanksss, amigo."
off Ouch!"
for them. There was a very embarrassed pause. Then, none of them looking

Harry had got both her breath and her bad temper back again. "You
"No, not the floor. It was standing on a trapdoor. It's obviously
Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students,
they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once
the cold night air. Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the

CHAPTER SEVEN
"I know you haven 't, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half

and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow. Nice wand for charm
"I've decided to call him Norbert," said Hagrid, looking at the dragon

anything yeh want ter keep safe -- 'cept maybe Hogwarts. As a matter o'


"What are you doing?" said a voice from the corner of the room. Neville
Flitwick, you know." He put on a high voice, "'Oh Professor Flitwick,
"Ron, you've got something on your nose."

understand who --"
"So -- new Gryffindors! I hope you're going to help us win the house
flash of green light and a burn- ing pain on his forehead. This, he
"What've you done to him?" Hermione whispered.

Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at him.

two.
"Yes," said Hermione.
remembered about Snape and the coming match.
If yeh think yer father'd rather you were expelled, then get back off
read.
few words of what they were saying.
"We know Oliver's speech by heart," Fred told Hermione, "we were on the
laugh.
"Yeah," said Ron, "and lucky Hermione doesn't lose his head in a crisis --
myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your service. Resident ghost



"Yeah," said Hagrid, "but have yeh seen anythin', Ronan? Anythin'

only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy,


"Haven't I told you he's not going?" he hissed. "He's going to Stonewall
to grab his shoulders to stay on.
out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row ("If Filch had

Dear Professor Dumbledore,




anything so beautiful and sad. Its long, slender legs were stuck out at
"Well, I got back all right," said Harry. "I brought Ron round --
kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll."
"But --"
"This is it!" Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, "We're
pieces as they had lost black ones.
in Hagrid's hut, with Ron and Harry.
Snape silkily. "Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it
"I heard you went to live with Muggles," said Ron. "What are they like?"
crept by.

"Just let him go," Hermione urged. "Set him free."
few days, I've got the chains still in my office, keep 'em well oiled in
"There's a Ministry of Magic?" Hermione asked, before he could stop
He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor. He had been
"RUN!" Hermione yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not
Hermione took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. He raised

skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes
of Flitwicles class looking confused.

Harry wasn't going to give up that easily. She followed Ron through

walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he
"Who?"
"He's gone!"
All three of them were laughing. Hermione's mouth went rather dry. What on
The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest

Hermione, who was looking up "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical Herbs and
into darkness. Ahead, Hermione could see the lighted windows of Hagrid's

they sped off toward land.
The three of them put their heads together to read the note.

Potter, first years aren't allowed them."

Hermione pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat.
up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club. They didn't have
and damp, musty sheets. Dudley snored but Hermione stayed awake, sitting on
The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Hermione his


Ron's were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers underneath
Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they
was sure he'd walked into a nightmare -- this was too much, on top of
howls of horror.



It looked as though Hermione had found out where the grubby littie package
broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to
package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and

which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in
pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling
"Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don't talk to me on the way
the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. He rolled onto his

"Could I -- could I say good-bye to him, sir?" asked Hagrid. He bent his
She left the chamber. Hermione swallowed.

flavored one once."

with only one hand.

case I beg you'll forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie."

And I can cap them all.
under his left ear, and on Ron's smudged nose. Hermione nervously tried to
Hermione couldn't make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering

With the twins' help, Hermione's trunk was at last tucked away in a corner
"But I thought -- Snape --"


"He didn't catch it, he nearly swallowed it," Flint was still howling

Flamel'!"

turban.
was complete silence. Then the hat twitched. A rip near the brim opened
high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.
That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in
And he scooted off
for it. The day before Hermione's first Quidditch match the three of them
almost dark now, but Hermione could see Quirrell, standing quite still as

Hmm," said a small voice in his ear. "Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty
Potter! We got Potter!" Hermione sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff

glass. Bright green -- exactly the same shape, but then he noticed that


"P-P-Petunia!" he gasped.
"You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of
"I'd be careful if I were you, Potter," he said slowly. "Unless you're a

him back in the wild!"
"But who'd be that desperate?" he wondered aloud. "If you're going to be
They were trapped.
his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at
his head. As he measured, he said, "Every Ollivander wand has a core of
"No -- Charlie -- your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons.
-- back."
"Firenze!" Bane thundered. "What are you doing? You have a human on your

"I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said Dumbledore gently.


"Nah, I'm all right, thanks, Ron."
"What's that at its feet?" Harry whispered.
his turban. He was pale and looked as though he was about to cry. He
"He's just made that rule up," Hermione muttered angrily as Snape limped
and seventy- two."
while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.

tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," Hagrid growled. "Copyin' lines!
with Dudley. Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private
Harry and Neville were suffering, too. They didn't have as bad a time
"And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?"
sprinted back upstairs.
it was motorcycles.
winked silver and gold in the darkness. They edged along the walls,
charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them
"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when Hermione sat down next to
It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire.
with silver blood. He was right next to Malfoy who, Hermione was pleased to
Hermione was rubbing his forehead.
Harry rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said,
"Very nice," said Wood, his eyes glinting. "I see what McGonagall
Hermione was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his
Hagrid's big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.

lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and
interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.
"Don't do that."
They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, Oak
Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Hermione knew:
wouldn't hear of it.
him... an' I said what I'd always really wanted was a dragon... an'
out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading."

"All right?" Hermione whispered.
Hermione Potter." It wasn't a question. "You have your mother's eyes. It

me or Fang," said Hagrid. "An' keep ter the path. Right, now, we're
hide -- except perhaps Hogwarts.
Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Hermione's forehead with a
nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.
famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours' time by Mrs.

They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind
lurch. For a split second, he thought he was going to fall. He gripped


side from the Bludgers and try and knock them toward the other team. So



Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.
"Good - well, look, Neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'll see you
"Yes," said Hermione. There was no point beating around the bush. "We were
"Give him five Knuts," said Hagrid sleepily.
Dudley began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasn't really crying -- it had
"Oh, it was nothing, dear."

wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he
"I'd like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him," he said.
"Hermione -- move diagonally four squares to the right."
remember! CarA you see how much better off he'll be, growing up away
Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made
and Professor McGonagall says that's a very imprecise branch of magic."
stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.
"A Muggle," said Hagrid, "it's what we call nonmagic folk like thern.
with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one

anyway.
"Wow," Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Hermione's bedspread.
uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he's older. I've
Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor
"Keep your voice down, Neville. The password's 'Pig snout' but it won't

They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the
have to drop."


"Good luck -- take care."
Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the
Let's see... yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an' we could play
"I won't let you in," he puffed. "Norbert's at a tricky stage -- nothin'
Hermione wasn't sure he could explain. He'd just had the best birthday of

"Potter, I know what I'm talking about," she said shortly. She bent down
overtake Slytherin in the house championship for the first time in seven
capture of the Snitch it's now. Finish the game before Snape can favor
personally make sure you are expelled. Good day to you."
while everyone else was at dinner -- what was going on?

He ran back down to the common room.


and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging
concern yeh. It's dangerous. You forget that dog, an' you forget what
toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Hermione shivered in

about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high

giving me books."


Hermione groped for the doorknob -- between Filch and death, he'd take
Dumbledore had convinced Hermione not to go looking for the Mirror of

"VOLDEMORT!" Hermione bellowed, and Hagrid was so shocked, he stopped
changed their sleeping pattern." The newscaster allowed himself a grin.

But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn't feel like a

and I've only just got away, I don't know where Snape went."
wizard or about my parents or Voldemort"
He saw his reflection, pale and scared-looking at first. But a moment

have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone,
Professor McGonagall was again different. Hermione had been quite right to
hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it
comfortable saying "Voldemort" without worrying.

nine -- maybe he'd wake Dudley up, just to annoy him -- three... two...
told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Harry screamed out loud.
-- better be GRYFFINDOR!"
me. I've got yeh a present."
Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.... I suppose that's written

left ear.
again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his
Send me an answer as soon as possible.
asked.


won. The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With
Hermione swung round. The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four
Madam Hooch was refereeing. She stood in the middle of the field waiting
thick. Hermione thought the blood seemed to be getting thicker. There were
"That's better," said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on
enchantments!" she stormed. "Enough of this nonsense! If I hear you 've
"See," he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, "if
happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a
left. I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off you."
Neville stared at their guilty faces.
Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things -- terrible, yes, but great."
it.
school rule today. On the other hand, Malfoys sneering face kept looming


"Dunno," said Hagrid casually, "he wouldn' take his cloak off."
It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the car. Dud ley
been a horrible mistake. A wizard? Him? How could he possibly be? He'd
someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll's roars. A
their guilty faces caught Snape's eye. He limped over. He hadn't seen
was swelling inside him. He went straight to the window and jerked it
The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at
"An' here's Hermione!" said the giant.

like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping
himself about not meddling.
"Nearly," said Hermione.
house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is
Neville shook his head.
threw it as hard as he could against the wall.
and hovered about a foot off the stairs.
thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had
"And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor
This only left one parcel. Hermione picked it up and felt it. It was very

courageous fight... but your mother needn't have died... she was trying
first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long,
"Yeah -- yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped
yeh know too much already, so I wouldn' tell yeh if I could. That
still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it


Hermione gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not

Hermione picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in thick brown paper and

"Stand back," said Griphook importantly. He stroked the door gently with
Gringotts? It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't suppose you
calming down enough to say, "Hermione was talking to it, weren't you,


"So I suppose you think that's a reward for breaking rules?" came an
"I knew it, " he murmured. "There's summat in here that shouldn' be."

with real wizards. The most you and Malfoy'll be able to do is send

Hermione's eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them
"Well -- in that case..." said Professor McGonagall, staring at the

He clapped his hands. In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet
lock, and whispered, 'Alohomora!"
"You haven't got a letter on yours," George observed. "I suppose she

"Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?"
Neville clutched the sleeve of Hermione's robe and made a choking noise.
When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice

creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. They could hear Filch
"Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?" Dudley asked Hermione in

getting started at last on his cold pie. Catching the look on Hermione's
With a last look at Hermione, the twins hopped off the train.
a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I


"Hermione," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves? Fred and
"I saw you and Snape in the forest --" he blurted out.
anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until
the crate.
so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, Piers and Dudley were
lesson. It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their
underneath. Then Harry had performed a tricky little charm so that
drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet,
with cheers; Hermione could see Ron's twin brothers catcalling.
Not for nothing, though, was Hermione the youngest Seeker in a century. He
badly we've done, there's no need to worry yet."
was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He had had it as long as he could

In years to come, Hermione would never quite remember how he had managed to

as he worked, and jumped at small noises.
Potter's in this compartment. So it's you, is it?"
very first morning. Filch found them trying to force their way through a
Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see

"Wow," said Ron. He sat and stared at Hermione for a few moments, then, as
Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been

between his nostrils, was doing this on its own. Mr. Ollivander was
wasn't surprising they'd found nothing. What they really needed was a
gonna split inter two parties an' follow the trail in diff'rent
that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express;

wished he could forget what he'd seen in the mirror as easily, but he


Where dwell the brave at heart,

A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence -- the book was
Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the

later, the reflection smiled at him. It put its hand into its pocket and
but dark fire -- then he was on the other side, in the last chamber.
BEHIND THAT TREE!"
Slytherin	would be learning together.

letter with yer owl, she'll know where to find me.... See yeh soon,


to "MacDougal, Morag."
good enough about turnin' up if ever I want a word. They're deep, mind,

furious at the nerve of Hermione, carrying an owl in a cage in a station
as any of the ghosts. The students all hated him, and it was the dearest
faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green
didn't dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could, "Their son --
"I think we've lost him," Hermione panted, leaning against the cold wall
and crushed it into a trash can -- but at the moment it didn't look in

All students should have a copy of each of the following:
himself power, all right. Dark days, Hermione. Didn't know who ter trust,
teeth, but Hermione and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told
television. He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and
doing in the library?"
covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with
and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the
Everybody finished the song at different times. At last, only the
"See you in a minute, I hope...
are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite
The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black take.
Albus Dumbled--"

None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.
"Hagrid," said Harry, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow,
An' it's your bad luck you grew up in a family o' the biggest Muggles I


THE MIDNIGHT DUEL
"I -- told -- you."
The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Hermione and Hagrid made
and a frown.
stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already."
Ron stared after her, his mouth open.
unicorn's dead, Hagrid, it's in that clearing back there."
stop -- a high, petrified scream -- and it was coming from the chamber
while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Hermione
"The gold ones are Galleons," he explained. "Seventeen silver Sickles to

you?"
"Yes, please," said Ron, but Hermione cut him off.
ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue

"And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's
But Uncle Vernon didn't believe him. No one ever did.

-- next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball
marble, which seemed to be full of white smoke.
suddenly grabbed Ron's arm.
"Can you smell something?"
home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups
one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it, and
dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy's birthday."
thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the
Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.

"What house are your brothers in?" asked Hermione.
Hermione, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of
-- he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.
"Nearly there!" Hermione panted as they reached the corridor beneath the
"What did you expect, turnips?" said Ron, turning to his own pile, which
cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to
bought.
finding Flamel, though. Have some bacon or something, why aren't you
boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway.
"Sit down," he snapped at Harry. "For your information, Potter,



"I don't care if Malfoy has, but if something's got Neville... it's our
There was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for
great surprise. "You should have said something, we had no idea."

Ron's nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety

going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for
wore a very kind smile.
hold on. Then the whole crowd gasped. Hermione's broom had given a wild

found out somehow, this is Voldemort we're talking about, he'd have
address was written in emerald-green ink. There was no stamp.
"He's heading for the third floor," Hermione said, but Ron held up his
"Now, yer mum an' dad were as good a witch an' wizard as I ever knew.
walls. "Little tyke," chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house. He got

their hands, now that Norbert was off them. No more dragon -- Malfoy in
night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was
mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face,
troll's neck from behind. The troll couldn't feel Hermione hanging there,
eh, Potter?" Hermione forced himself to keep looking straight into those
shame, but as Ron said, you couldn't have everything in life.
merrily at her.
Harry agreed to run down to Hagrid's with the other two during
in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister, because her


best witches an' wizards of the age -- the McKinnons, the Bones, the
wished Ron would put his wand down.
"Yet great puddin' of a son don' need fattenin' anymore, Dursley, don'
swapping rumors."

that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying


down on them. At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs.
Hagrid grunted.

bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to
was in tears.
The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog, but
prefect, he'd put a stop to this."

boy!"
stupidest of the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were all quite

"You know that black-haired boy who was near us in the station? Know who
"Your new school uniform," she said.

come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Hermione
"Come on, Harry," Ron muttered desperately.
The Restricted Section was right at the back of the library. Step ping
Ron's ears went pink. He seemed to think he'd said too much, because he

mistaking him.

heaving and sweaty.

Mr. H. Potter
naughty, you'll get caughty."
were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured
done... all the people he's killed... he couldn't kill a little boy?


took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At last, Hagrid
might be something useful..."
broomstick, Potter?"

three of them, "Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of

crossed the yard. Hermione noticed at once that Snape was limping. Hermione,
"Mighta come up," said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember.
another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl -- a real, live,
"Master, I cannot hold him -- my hands -- my hands!"



somewhere -- I wonder, now - - yes, why not -- unusual combination --


would yeh be? An' I reckon it's abou' time yeh read yer letter."
ground. On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in
"Obviously, you've just done so," Dumbledore smiled. "You may ask me one
long fingers and feet. He bowed as they walked inside. Now they were
He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.
Harry had managed to get to her feet at last.

"How did he get covered in blood?" asked Seamus with great interest.
who visited the house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and
stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing
of points in all the time they've been here, and people still like
balls as hard as he could in every direction for Hermione to catch.
prickle of fear every time You- Know-Who was mentioned. He supposed this
glance at it. Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the
Boa Constrictor, Brazil.
Hermione shivered. He wasn't sure he liked Mr. Ollivander too much. He paid
It was Ginny Weasley, Ron's younger sister, but she wasn't pointing at

people yeh couldn't find -- anyway..."
Hermione shook his head and the boy sat down. He glanced at Hermione and then
because Griphook wasn't steering.


anythin', let me know, won't yeh? We'll be off, then."
Dumbledore. Hermione noticed that the other teachers' smiles had become
Hermione waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found
The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder. The neat

Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it
"You did do the thing properly, didn't you? Well, Nicolas and I have had
Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;
"George!"

him. Where's Dumbledore's office?"
The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble
"Why me?"




"What on earth were you thinking of?" said Professor McGonagall, with
to Hermione, made Dudley go and get it. They heard him banging things with
Professor McGonagall turned to Hermione and Ron.


So try me on and I will tell you
spluttering.

"Come on, run, run!" Hermione yelled at Harry, trying to pull her toward
gloatingly at the Slytherin table.


Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into
"It's too late to change the plan now," Hermione told Harry. "We haven't

and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once. Perhaps they
only the owls that have been acting oddly today. Viewers as far apart as
"Positive," said Harry. She took a long drink from the round bottle
was lucky that Aunt Petunia didn't come in to vacuum anymore, because
"Er -- all right."
you get that motorcycle?"
terrible face Hermione had ever seen. It was chalk white with glaring red
"Turpin, Lisa," became a Ravenclaw and then it was Ron's turn. He was

tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until
"This is it," said Hagrid, coming to a halt, "the Leaky Cauldron. It's a
Hagrid's big, hairy face appeared in the crack as he pulled the door



yeh, how much yeh didn't know. Ah, Hermione, I don' know if I'm the right
wall and fell silent.
low buzz of chatter stopped when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know
piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.
"Thank you."
Hermione pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar. Ron stared.


sinks off the walls as it went.
He cleared his throat.



"Follow me, you two," said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up


"Oh," he said, "I didn't realize it had to be so wet."
right to face Voldemort if I could...."
"You can't blame them," said Dumbledore gently. "We've had precious
one of the doors leading off the hall.

everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already
he's runnin' back up ter the school."
head. "D'yeh think yer parents didn't leave yeh anything?"
away from me!"
She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her
exactly?"
darkness.

wait a moment -- was that the Snitch?"

Harry hung her head. Hermione was speechless. Harry was the last
search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them
The white king took off his crown and threw it at Hermione's feet. They had
"You nearly were, I couldn't have kept him off the Stone much longer --"
"Still famous," said Ron, grinning at him.

Christmas was coming. One morning in mid-December, Hogwarts woke to find
that odd Hermione Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and
leg.
themselves. There was a lot more to magic, as Hermione quickly found out,
nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to get that day.
"If we just do a bit of poking around --"


"Lucky this plant thing's here, really," said Ron.
three-quarters. The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Hermione

"Give it here!" Hermione yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick


something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with
stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be Hagrid's assistant. His
Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats
say if the Potters arrived in the street. The Dursleys knew that the
Tufty again.
A treasure that was never yours,

constrictor on him?
just now, I think I'm gonna be sick."
Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin
And Quirrell, though pinning Hermione to the ground with his knees, let go
Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off
Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed,
goal posts for Gryffindor. But in all the confusion, of course, the

Ron gasped.
back and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a
at home. I'm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer...."

large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.
was doing but when he drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire


Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the
was also very hard to remember where anything was, because it all seemed
them, either. Harry had stopped drawing attention to herself in
trembling. "What happened?" Harry asked him, leading him over to sit

only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog
card!"
here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:
"Sorry," Hermione said quickly.

It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of
yeh've been trained up a bit. With a mum an' dad like yours, what else

George. "Christmas is a time for family."

Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.
trust him at all. He wasn't a very good player yet and they kept
Ron and Harry squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join
The following morning, notes were delivered to Hermione, Harry, and
sitting on the chimney. The Dursleys had received a very angry letter
binoculars around his neck, "But it isn't the same as bein' in the
joined the crowd thronging the corridor.
Wishing he'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Hermione left

fell asleep almost as soon as he'd drawn the curtains of his
It was all delicious.
bunny rabbit. When it bit me he told me off for frightening it. And when
Hermione kept to his room, with his new owl for company. He had decided to

"Come on, Hermione!" Harry screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
"How's your arm?" said Hermione.
"Yes?" said Hermione eagerly.
be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!"
"In the car crash when your parents died," she had said. "And don't ask



Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke."

in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he
about punishing you."

Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly,
"Not Slytherin, eh?" said the small voice. "Are you sure? You could be
out everything he needs, and now he's got Dumbledore out of the way. He
him and make it easier."
Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand and said, "That reminds
carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke. "Young Sirius Black lent it to

"A wizard, o' course," said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which
Harry's lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Hermione and threw her
she did have were Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, Drooble's Best
people!"


'Yes!"
sister. He didn't blame her -- if he'd had a sister like that... but all
Dumbledore. Hermione must have walked straight past him, so desperate to

had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.
She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. He was tall, thin, and
spoke. "They say there's dragons guardin' the highsecurity vaults. And
"Poor dear - no wonder he was alone, I wondered. He was ever so polite
"There's light ahead -- I can see something moving."
Hermione found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each
who said 's' instead of 'f' and found himself on the floor with a

"Ten weeks," Harry snapped. "That's not ages, that's like a second to

"STUDENTS OUT OF BED!" Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE

the doormat -- something alive!

six hoops, isn't it?"
4 Privet Drive
the last Quidditch match.

"Oh, well done!" cried Professor Flitwick, clapping. "Everyone see here,

"Storm forecast for tonight!" said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his
in the future -- there will be books written about Hermione -- every child

"Hungry, are you?"
high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.
Professor McGonagall
"Good afternoon," said a soft voice. Hermione jumped. Hagrid must have
to the station. Hermione couldn't blame them. Not only was Hagrid twice as
eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as
"Wood's captain of the Gryffindor team," Professor McGonagall explained.
'Jordan, I'm warning you --"

robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.

died in vain."

face, he added quickly, "But people only die in proper duels, you know,



