Devil's Snare!"
"Whatever house I'm in, I hope she's not in it," said Ron. He threw his
"Well done," said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Hermione could hear.
looked quickly out of the window, pretending he hadn't looked. Hermione saw
THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE
place of three of the black pieces...."
"Er -- Yes, I think so," said Ron. "I think Mom's got a second cousin
someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll's roars. A

Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.
wafting through the corridors. Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
Hmm," said a small voice in his ear. "Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty
as they trudged back up to the castle. "I wouldn't be surprised if you
diff'rent eggs -- what I got there's a Norwegian Ridgeback. They're
back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo
THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS
wore a very kind smile.
Dudley began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasn't really crying -- it had
three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite
all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, 'cause their mothers breathe on I
been years since he'd really cried -- but he knew that if he screwed up

"I haven't got any money -- and you heard Uncle Vernon last night ... he

all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose. The only thing Hermione


Questions exploded inside Hermione's head like fireworks and he couldn't
eyes on all three heads at once?"
"I wish I knew what this means!" he burst out angrily. "My scar keeps
fluttering, darting up ahead - - he put on an extra spurt of speed --
Dudley could work out what he'd said.
"But --"

humbugs.
I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far
the Bludgers."
after pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Hermione was used to
something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches -- the next

I did to the one in the chamber back there? Unfortunately, while
In years to come, Hermione would never quite remember how he had managed to



neck. "Shut up, I'm trying to remember how to kill it!" said Harry.
the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, "I
"Midnight on Saturday!" he said in a hoarse voice. "Oh no oh no -- I've
"Miss Granger!"

"Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am."
The other Slytherins joined in.
"Are there many of them in here?" asked Harry.

She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her

I know they don't," said Hermione. "It was only a dream."
at Hermione, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day,

"Nice to see you haven't been brooding about that mirror... been keeping
"Search me."

learn.... I bet," he added, voicing for the first time something that
"You can kip under that," he said. "Don' mind if it wriggles a bit, I
marks; Harry, of course, had the best grades of the first years. Even

Drive on her crutches.
and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty points."


happened when he, Hermione, had been upset or angry... chased by Dudley's
It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?

The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble
Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even the endless rain that
Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but
"Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his
the sink. He went to have a look. The tub was full of what looked like
it. It's nothin' to you what that dog's guardin'."
a lot more interest than he'd shown back in Diagon Alley.
had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks.

There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the

It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down their
white chessmen had no faces.

"Professor McGonagall told me all about the special circumstances,
"Keep your voice down, Neville. The password's 'Pig snout' but it won't
with humans alongside me if I must."
"HAVE YOU GONE MAD?" Ron bellowed. "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?"
But he had finally gone too far. Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled
very happy birthday to yeh. Got summat fer yeh here -- I mighta sat on
going to be brilliant. You must be good, Hermione, Wood was almost skipping
nearly always win. That's why Seekers get fouled so much. A game of


feeling he'd had the same dream before.
"Like I said, Yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it," said Hagrid.
silvery eyes were a bit creepy.
"Very well," he said, handing it back to Hagrid, "I will have Someone
Neither Neville nor Harry showed the slightest interest in what lay
tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like
"GRYFFINDOR!" shouted the hat. Ron groaned.
They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private
"Unless you'd like to tell us and save us the trouble?" Hermione added. "We
in Hagrid's hut, with Ron and Harry.
the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
of a large walnut. It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver
in neat lines on the ground. Hermione had heard Fred and George Weasley
"Hermione. Nasty, common name, if you ask me."
Hogwarts. Reckon Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of.
"Hello," said the boy, "Hogwarts, too?"


left fer him? I was there! I saw Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An'

Hermione had never been to London before. Although Hagrid seemed to know


a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.
open. The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Hagrid, who
"I've already got us some rations," said Uncle Vernon, "so all aboard!"
from the Leaky Cauldron. He was looking very peculiar in a large purple

only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy,
"That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn," said


"The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to score,"


the doormat -- something alive!
Hermione's did.

that odd Hermione Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and

a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia
"You haven't got a letter on yours," George observed. "I suppose she

didn't look it, but he was very fast.

was joking."
"How did I get the Stone out of the mirror?"
in green).


Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.

window in the downstairs bathroom.

"Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Hermione.
"Out, Peeves!" she barked. Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which
"You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT" she said firmly.
abysmal Potions one. They had hoped that Goyle, who was almost as stupid


in the face for weeks...."
case I beg you'll forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie."
fly off again.
Flying lessons would be starting on Thursday -- and Gryffindor and
minutes' time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken
Dumbledore'll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldn't help
"And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you'll be able to
and Dad were in it, too. I don't know what they'll say if I'm not. I
Hermione jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. He couldn't believe

The problem was, strange things often happened around Hermione and it was
That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd

getting here, Dumbledore?" She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she

just as -- as -- abnormal -- and then, if you please, she went and got
found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.
Hagrid's jacket for the last five minutes.
a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the stool she


getting dark. He could see mountains and forests under a deep purple
about the time he'd almost hit a hang glider on Charlie's old broom.
"Look at me!" he said.
front, "and say 'Up!"'

human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.... I can teach
path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.

his wicked black eyes. "Know you're there, even if I can't see you. Are
yourself our mother? CarA you tell I'm George?"
to this: 'Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark
"Now, don't forget that nice wrist movement we've been practicing!"
going at all the way he wanted.
"You're losing it, too," said Ron. "I'm Ron, remember?"
her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.
Defense Against the Dark Arts.
"Bye, Hermione!"
Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Dudley was the biggest and
bank, and Hermione were just a few of his favorite subjects. This morning,
When Hermione knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and

One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside
Hagrid's coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets -- bunches of
"Yes, don't stop now," said Ron, "it's doing us so much good."
"Well, there you are, boy. Platform nine -- platform ten. Your platform
Uncle Vernon chuckled. "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like

"Coming, Mom."
Hermione couldn't speak, but Hagrid understood.
behind them.
went on. "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him,
"That does it," said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling
of the compartment.

tapestries. They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their
points. Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go."

but saw no one else. just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead


day!" she cried, flinging her arms around him.
fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.
Hermione nodded, but stopped quickly, because it made his head hurt. Then
Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. The vault
Dumbledore raised his hand. The room gradually fell silent.
would? He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't belong to the



"I've never seen Snape look so mean," he told Harry. "Look -they're
do it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead? That was no

But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the
Head boy an' girl at Hogwarts in their day! Suppose the myst'ry is why

taking the cauldron off the fire?"
when he said that.


"But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing -- I thought Snape was
"I'm not sure that'll work, Vernon."
"What? Where?"
a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket? How


into a run -he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of
Professor McGonagall's nostrils flared.

you'll get us all into trouble."
"Master, I cannot hold him -- my hands -- my hands!"
through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large
on sometimes.
"You are not."

"It's lucky it's dark. I haven't blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey
He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys.
have got you off that broom. I'd have managed it before then if Snape

had a knack for spotting things other people didn't. After a minute's
difficult. See, there was this wizard who went... bad. As bad as you
With some interesting stuff,

the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.
The snow still hadn't melted the next morning.
"Do you mean ter tell me," he growled at the Dursleys, "that this boy --
gathered around her. Hermione noticed that she seemed to be speaking
Quidditch player himself."
faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before. A moment
Frog, I've got loads...."
however, was to be working with Harry Granger. It was hard to tell
they caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had y caught
from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.
let off his feelings. Now he was back to staring around for the Snitch.

Thousand back to the broomshed. He couldn't ever remember feeling
pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole
"I know some things," he said. "I can, you know, do math and stuff." But
shouted that Hermione needed a haircut. Hermione must have had more haircuts
"So that's where You-Know-Who




call her Hedwig, a name he had found in A History of Magic. His school

eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.
Hermione dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.
Snape was still ignoring Harry's quivering hand.

Hermione was halfway toward it before he remembered what he'd promised
heaving and sweaty.
But from that moment on, Harry Granger became their friend. There are

and steal the Stone. I've got to talk to Professor Dumbledore."
Hermione's mouth fell open. The dishes in front of him were now piled with
spluttering.



the floor. Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat. Hermione
dream or even a cartoon -- they seemed to think he might get dangerous
"Gryffindor," said Ron. Gloom seemed to be settling on him again. "Mom
"Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts," said Hagrid fiercely.


Use it well.
Developments in Wizardry," said Ron. "He's not exactly recent if he's


lately, have you?"

cheers from the crowd. Harry stood up, her crossed fingers in her
"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of

By eleven o'clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around
"Follow me," said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them outside.


turban straight into Hermione's eyes -- and a sharp, hot pain shot across
"Sit down," he snapped at Harry. "For your information, Potter,
"--and he said people from Muggle families shouldn't even be allowed
as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin. Professor McGonagall rolled
heads.

fire. Hermione looked at it, too.
in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him
"Well -- in that case..." said Professor McGonagall, staring at the

didn't like Hermione at all.
Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards. When I open
thought he might be hiding Hermione underneath it.

An owl hooted loudly, and Hermione nearly fell out of the tree. He steadied
was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the
"No, no, no. I tried to kill you. Your friend Miss Granger accidentally
The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their
Hermione didn't know what to say. Everyone was looking at him. The old
my liking for them -- but I think I'll be safe with a nice toffee, don't


"Bin watchin' from me hut," said Hagrid, patting a large pair of
minutes. As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land
"You all right, Hermione? Yer very quiet," said Hagrid.

fire -- toward the Stone."

"Don't worry about that," said Hagrid, standing up and scratching his
Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.
so Hermione could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it. Then
folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the

The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog, but
Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a

As they entered November, the weather turned very cold. The mountains


morning. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was sure it was the
carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke. "Young Sirius Black lent it to
something soft. He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the
lay in gleaming folds. Ron gasped.
Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find
Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Hermione's list again.

begin, not knowing what Flamel might have done to get himself into a
yeh -- took care of yer mum an' dad an' yer house, even -- but it didn't
questions. There were no photographs of them in the house.
man-crushing pythons. Dudley quickly found the largest snake in the
The trees were so thick he couldn't see where Snape had gone. He flew in

"Obviously, you've just done so," Dumbledore smiled. "You may ask me one
"Make Hermione get it."
sighed again.

again. Funny, really... he needn't have bothered. I couldn't do anything
gibber. As far as Hermione had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except
Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin
Charlie's old wand, and Percy's old rat."

had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and
was racing and his spirits were low. He'd lost two points for Gryffindor
clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn't alone. Quirrell was there, too.
stopped.
"Well, I don' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that... let's see... he
your dormitory?"
"What are you doing?" said a voice from the corner of the room. Neville
movements of the planets. Three times a week they went out to the
"Erm --"

"Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrid's yet?"
"Only joking, Mom."
looked like a baby angel -- Hermione often said that Dudley looked like a
not to go looking for it again. If you ever do run across it, you will
But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn't feel like a
Then she suddenly smiled.

Hermione had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but
when he asked how to get onto the platform."
wildly.
I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too

"Nah -can't spell it. All right -- Voldemort. " Hagrid shuddered. "Don'
toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Hermione shivered in
at how crazy his hero was.
dream.
suspended in midair, his body completely invisible. He pulled the cloak
steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a

Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floor -- who do you
off Ouch!"


"Blimey, Hermione, I keep forgettin' how little yeh know -- not knowin'
and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the



"Why's Bane so angry?" he asked. "What was that thing you saved me from,
between them and that monster. They didn't stop running until they
memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions....

then."
eh, Potter?" Hermione forced himself to keep looking straight into those
their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Hermione Potter -- the boy

"Sorry, Professor."
"About once every ten years," said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.

passageway out of the school."
"Listen, you've got to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow. The
how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped off once, he's not
about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldn't bear people who dressed in

minute."
two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the --
"Gringotts," said Hagrid.
library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back. Yet
"Like this," he said irritably. He seized his left ear and pulled. His

"Er -- no," said Hermione.
"Good-bye," said Ron.
forest... and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get
address was written in emerald-green ink. There was no stamp.
you've kept it from him all these years?"

"I'd not say no ter summat stronger if yeh've got it, mind."
time he gets back...."
relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the
"All right," Hermione mumbled, "I'm getting up."
together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way --


he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards'
Harry rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said,
"You don't want this, it's all dry," said Ron. "She hasn't got much
He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his
"Thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Powerful wand, very powerful, and in
into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.
catch it, but his arms were too heavy.
battered now that it had been caught twice.

"Platform what?"
THE POTIONS MASTER
spent all evening giving him advice such as "If he tries to curse you,
Hermione gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not
"I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying --"


Vampires? Hags? Hermione's head was swimming. Hagrid, meanwhile, was
Hermione had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day. It

I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong....'"
Hermione saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and
Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Hermione saw a purple wax
to fall right through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of ache
Hagrid leaned across the table. Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he
"Play Quidditch at all?"


the High Table again. Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet.
everything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man,




the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw
Pliable. A little more power and excellent for transfiguration. Well, I

here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't expect you
burying his face in it. "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead
A whistle sounded.
"Why?" panted Harry, hurrying to keep up.
were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn't fall




leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with

of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail. Hermione privately

doormat.

to watch.
"Might as well get yer uniform," said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam


Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen. How

of Gryffindor House, but it hadn't stopped her from giving them a huge

first training session.
uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so
flaming torches. It sloped steeply downward and there were little


It was a tiny, grubby-looking pub. If Hagrid hadn't pointed it out,
"Look," said Hermione, throwing caution to the winds, "Professor -- it's

He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, "It
ready!"
Quirrell did not manage to take it from you. I arrived in time to
Fluffy."

"Bulstrode, Millicent" then became a Slytherin. Perhaps it was Hermione's
will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with
with real wizards. The most you and Malfoy'll be able to do is send


George Weasley. And this is Ron, our brother. See you later, then.
which was still staring at him from the other end of the street. For
in."
Dumbledore's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley
him. Hermione decided on the truth.
-- it's all on yer ticket. Any problems with the Dursleys, send me a

"I'll show you now," said Wood. "Take this."
"It certainly seems so," said Dumbledore. "We have much to be thankful
Hermione walked toward him.
Snape and Filch were inside, alone. Snape was holding his robes above
start."
"Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard," said
he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on. "A
Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back. He looked
stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick,
"Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!" said Hagrid.
telephone.
Hermione sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
face out from behind the tree. "Malfoy was insultin' his family."

The two boys gawked at him, and Hermione felt himself turning red. Then, to
and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding,
"Of course there are," said Ron. "Common Welsh Green and Hebridean
lots of people called Potter who had a son called Hermione. Come to think
It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two


"Give him five Knuts," said Hagrid sleepily.
disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he
The white mice had disappeared and Hermione had a nasty feeling they were
Harry was now refusing to speak to Hermione and Ron, but she was such a
he walked straight into someone just outside the door.
ahead.
"We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish," said
It was really lucky that Hermione now had Hermlone as a friend. He didn't

present."
Harry Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if
"Not a soul knows except me an' Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly.
"I hate them both," said Hermione, "Malfoy and Snape."




"Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. Not today. Not

with his brothers and the broomstick he'd like to get if he had the
Ron stared as Hermione brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped


front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him.



When they shook their heads, he wailed, "I've lost him! He keeps getting
Diggle."
single witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin.
Dumbledore. "Quirrell does not have the Stone."

Saturday? They can meet you there and take him away while it's still
turn it. He couldn't direct it at all. It was zigzagging through the
"My dear Friar, haven't we given Peeves all the chances he deserves? He
"I think she heard you."
think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs.
telescope set

How are you? Thanks for the letter -- I'd be glad to take the Norwegian
would yeh be? An' I reckon it's abou' time yeh read yer letter."
pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the

the car, and disappeared.
had vanished. The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering
yet.
his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain. When he turned
"On vacation in Majorca," snapped Aunt Petunia.
rather fixed.
Dursleys.
to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.
big, squashy something had been his uncle's face. Uncle Vernon had been

grass. "It's that stupid thing Longbottom's gran sent him."
looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the
and Fungi?
to. Bill and Charlie have already left -- Bill was head boy and Charlie
Before Ron could say another word, Harry had disappeared. Ron turned

"No," said Hermione, feeling more stupid by the minute.
you that scar."
for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.
red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying. Their
"Swap you for one of these," said Hermione, holding up a pasty. "Go on --"
eh?" he said, leering at them. "Oh yes... hard work and pain are the
"Oh, let's kick her, just this once," Ron whispered in Hermione's ear, but
their brooms.
slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing
was keep close behind him. They passed book shops and music stores,
the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and
nothing in them at all. Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have
standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the
"Wanted one ever since I was a kid -- here we go."
want to stay somewhere with a television. "
"Knew!" shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly. "Knew! Of course we knew! How
that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express;

as there wasn't much room. Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents.
Dumbledore took Hermione in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys' house.
It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the
"Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.

What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he

Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air --
"Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly. "That's top secret,
taught -- this was easy, this was wonderful. He pulled his broomstick up

spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the
herself blown up and we got landed with you!"




the scraping of heavy trunks.

to."
Hagrid shuffled off.


couldn't. He started having nightmares. Over and over again he dreamed
with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.

Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict.


astonishing sight.
"The what?" said Hermione and Ron.
"Ron --"
the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung
won't pay for me to go and learn magic."
Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his

"Yer ticket fer Hogwarts, " he said. "First o' September -- King's Cross
He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without
"If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won't stop him," growled
"Only because you're too -- well -- noble to use them."


and nearer -- he wouldn't be able to stop -- the cart was out of control

Charlie's got off wild ones in Romania."

They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the
portrait swung forward. They scrambled into the common room and
"This isn't safe -- she might have gone for Filch, I bet she heard us.
hand. Ron and Harry's cheers echoed around the high chamber.
"Well, of course, that was the headmaster, quite different. You need
Hermione was almost glad that the exams weren't far away. All the studying
"We're looking for a big, old-fashioned one -- probably silver, like the
Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence.

Quirrell shivered suddenly. "He does not forgive mistakes easily. When I
his brand-new uniform. Smeltings' boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange
you know what's good for you," said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this
extremely dirty. Aunt Petunia wouldn't have let it in the house.
"Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was scared or
just said, 'Hermione's gone after him, hasn't he?' and hurtled off to the


needles everywhere and smirking.
"Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not
Potter! We got Potter!" Hermione sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff
drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet,
revenge, without even realizing he was doing it? Hadn't he set a boa
Hermione had reached the shed. He leaned against the wooden door and looked
Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said,
"Stop moving!" Harry ordered them. "I know what this is -- it's
been wild to get his hands on some of these. Hagrid almost had to drag


into a sweat.
sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper

Ron, when Hermione told him about these drearns.
see, didn't look too pleased with the seating arrangements.
at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were

Everybody finished the song at different times. At last, only the

The snake nodded vigorously.
second later the hat had shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!"
The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the
How long he stood there, he didn't know. The reflections did not fade
dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy's birthday."
problems. Nah, we're best left alone."
Nicolas Flamel was.
"Of course," said Quirrell coolly. "\Why do you think he wanted to

ordinary cut. That's what yeh get when a Powerful, evil curse touches
of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors


out of earshot. "Snape's going through the trapdoor tonight. He's found
Yet Hermione couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes
hairs on the back of Hermione's neck prickled. Maybe he was imagining it,

mouth appeared, floating cross- legged in the air, clutching the walking
Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with
as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he had passed, too. It was a
ready, you will know."
sapphires. He looked carefully at Hermione, his eyes lingering on the scar

Hermione was wondering what a wizard did once he'd finished school.
you can while you are waiting."
all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.
knowing you've got a broomstick or they'll all want one. Oliver Wood
But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this and Lily that,

"This mirror is the key to finding the Stone," Quirrell murmured,
until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.
ground. On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in
look carefully. So that must mean..." he looked around the chamber while
against the wall. Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.
Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its
the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward.
life. Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid
there -- or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't
trick was that it reflected them, invisible or not?


Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him. This boy
"Malfoy's got my Remembrall, Professor."

the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle taken by the Slytherins -- that's



snapped Ron. "I'm with Hermione. I wouldn't put anything past Snape. But
It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Vernon was pointing at what

same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.
Hermione, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had
night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was
showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall. They
did he, just near enough to hear what they were saying.
around the edge. It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because
For now they're bare and full of air,
reflections were so close together, but he felt only air -- she and the

itself covered in several feet of snow. The lake froze solid and the

when you were afraid, thought Hermione; there was a quaver in Neville's

"A bit. Well, that's something." Ronan sighed. He flung back his head
doing it that was going to be the problem.
Hermione ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:


They all drew their chairs up to the table and watched with bated

goal posts for Gryffindor. But in all the confusion, of course, the
"RAVENCLAW!"
starting on Hermione. He was so angry he could hardly speak. He managed to


Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been
There was a tap on the dark window.
No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.


Harry.

were about to do.

beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles



them.
the Warlocks' Convention of 1709, everyone knows that. It's hard to stop
"Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Harry," said Hermione as he
good, is it? I've tried a few simple spells just for practice and it's
a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots.
about the size of a soccer ball.
All students should have a copy of each of the following:
afford an owl. After all, he'd never had any money in his life until a
"He's doing something -- jinxing the broom," said Harry.
complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.
of it.
Then a noise in the next room made them jump. Hermione had only just raised
Vernon and Aunt Petunia. Taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece.
black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore
say to comfort him. He knew Neville, like himself, was dreading the
"Professor, I think -- I know -- that Sn- that someone's going to try
with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about




He swooped suddenly at them. They all ducked.
the sea gleamed in the sunlight. The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was

they're powerful magic creatures. I never knew one ter be hurt before."


freeze where he stood. A bush on the edge of the clearing quivered....
Potter, first years aren't allowed them."
Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one
secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam. They're not
A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.
business." Hagrid drew himself up proudly. "He usually gets me ter do
"What?"

The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised
great time at Hogwarts -- I did -- still do, 'smatter of fact."
moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up






wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he
"Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many

-- two --"
The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop.

couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the


shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dressed all in
Dumbledore told her it was true. Dumbledore, however, was choosing
3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)
if you've a ready mind,
When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their
"What?"

and climbed through the hole.
door. Someone was outside, knocking to come in.
Spells."
"Has anyone seen a toad? Neville's lost one," she said. She had a bossy
winked silver and gold in the darkness. They edged along the walls,
The room went very still. The Slytherins' smiles faded a little.
They reached King's Cross at half past ten. Uncle Vernon dumped Hermione's
There have been many reports of the Sorcerer's Stone over the centuries,
"We're coming," said Harry.

potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils
and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the
"Ron! Ron! Where are you? The game's over! Hermione's won! We've won!
Sorcerer's Stone against his leg. Dare he make a break for it?
to him.



busy... excellent..."
same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of
work."
cloak out from under it.

morning break. When the bell sounded from the castle at the end of their
wouldn't be too bad.... Anyway, we'd better go and look for Neville's
of silver. Heaps of little bronze Knuts.
"Goodness, didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I could if it
He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke.
"Dumbledore again," he said, "He was the first one I ever-"
Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.
Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Hermione knew:

left ear.

sign of the bottom.
When he had been younger, Hermione had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown
sat Albus Dumbledore. Hermione recognized him at once from the card he'd
came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more
"He'll turn up," said Hermione.
his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg's cabbage-smelling living room.
Neville's head. They heard him zooming away, rattling coats of armor as
"Where's Percy?" said their mother.
through the opposite wall.
Hagrid looked at Hermione with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but

vault."

"Don't ask questions!" snapped his uncle. "Take this stuff upstairs,
Dear Ron,
Dudley screamed and ran from the room.
saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering
Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor
The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.
"Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa doing
WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass
is -- they're really rare, and really valuable."
"P-P-Potter," stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Hermione's hand,
They weren't in a room, as he had supposed. They were in a corridor. The
"I have business here, Peeves," croaked Hermione. "Stay away from this
Harry gasped. Hermione and Ron wheeled round.
His father's... this had been his father's. He let the material flow
"You!" gasped Hermione.
muttering about time wasters. Hermione was now trying hard not to panic.


about to come out of it. With one great leap, Hermione managed to grab the
-- give him here, Hagrid -- we'd better get this over with."
examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule,
Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses


painfully on his foot.



work on you, an' that's why yer famous, Hermione. No one ever lived after
"Well -- I don' like sayin' the name if I can help it. No one does."
sweater. "She obviously makes more of an effort if you're not family."
Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.
tired and rather ill, but happy.

"Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me," said Hagrid, clapping a hand to

Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.

Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head. It was Malfoy.
"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when Hermione sat down next to

was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more
knuckles and scowl.
"Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the
He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley


all over the place.
"No -- he wouldn't, she said. "I know he's not very nice, but he
crying. "I've met him and I'm calling him by his name. Please cheer up,
"I want to hear you're training hard, Potter, or I may change my mind
and if they came much nearer they'd knock right into him -- the cloak
wings.
the warmth wash over him as though he'd sunk into a hot bath.
I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with
one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it, and
"I will, sir, I most certainly will," said Peeves, rising up in the air
began rubbing the end of his nose.
Hermione quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed

they'd stolen his prefect badge.
Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and
Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the


"The one we've all been waiting for," said George.
much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings

Hagrid looked shocked.
"I'm sorry to say I sold the wand that did it," he said softly.

on my own -- you know, because I've read all about them."
arms were so long.


was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from it.
day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every
Perhaps Hermione had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange
"We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Hermione. "Hagrid told that stranger

half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library."

into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his cupboard? If
was flying."
computer in his sports bag.
crowded corridor, "she's a nightmare, honestly. "
Hermione pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat.

same.
"Why me?"
"Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?" said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced

"But we're not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if
"Go to Dumbledore. That's what we should have done ages ago. If we try
The Hermione Potter?"
be copying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, he'd
was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had
gave Harry a rare smile.
doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him,
At the start-of-term banquet, Hermione had gotten the idea that Professor
all sorts of rubbish -- spell books and wands and --"


And she let Ron and Harry in.
Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was

second Bludger -- sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell


enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.
"Poor dear - no wonder he was alone, I wondered. He was ever so polite
CHAPTER NINE
Hermione had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to





knew that the only reason they weren't already dead was that their


"Not fast enough," said Hagrid. "It's not easy ter catch a unicorn,

"And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's
it was without further clues.
centaurs... they know things... jus' don' let on much."
off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster

Hermione shook his head. He understood what he had to do all right, it was
shame, but as Ron said, you couldn't have everything in life.
"Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this," said


broken. The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working
Hermione looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he


didn' want it ter go ter any old home.... So I told him, after Fluffy, a
"Could you write it down?" Hermione suggested.
hand.
black boarhound.

Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said

But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;
ever laid eyes on."
job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts Dumbledore with owls
earlier that same day. Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and
Or perhaps in Slytherin



Go on, go on, try it out."
pink silk dress.
dream. He was wearing Professor Quirrell's turban, which kept talking to

"Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?"
that's why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts!"
was captain of Quidditch. Now Percy's a prefect. Fred and George mess
snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.

P-P-Potter?" He laughed nervously. "You'll be g-getting all your
of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and
"I think," said Ron, "we're going to have to be chessmen."

on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to

Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. Dudley was in
hours later, Hermione's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the
"You'll understand later, Neville," said Ron as they stepped over him
He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Hermione fell off. Hermione

"How can it? All my family are dead -- let me have another look --"


Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.

out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats.
address -- how could they possibly know where he sleeps? You don't think

"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Hermione, scrambling up the grassy
questions?"
"The Bloody Baron's the only one who can control him, he won't even
-- Mr. Potter. Let me see." He pulled a long tape measure with silver

paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in

Hermione watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it -- but just as
"Half-past eleven," Ron muttered at last, "we'd better go."
something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make

thought there must be thick trees there. Nobody spoke much. Neville, the
Hogwarts? So I told him, Fluffy's a piece o' cake if yeh know how to
ground!" said Malfoy.
Hermione found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each
"So what happened to you two?" said Hermione.
took one look at him, and burst into tears.
"Shouldn'ta lost me temper," he said ruefully, "but it didn't work
Hermione was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Dudley's gang,
umbrella from inside his coat. Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a
Quirrell, however, must have been braver than they'd thought. In the


"Why don't we go down and visit Hagrid?"



About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and


breaking any more rules! And you were the one who told me to stand up to

One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings


wave."
this was a very fishy thing to want to do. "Why?"


"Hermione," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves? Fred and
left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; he

"All right -- all right --" he heard Quirrell sob.
become a bit depressing after a while.
"I heard you went to live with Muggles," said Ron. "What are they like?"
"Just let him go," Hermione urged. "Set him free."

with only one hand.
lemon ice pop. It wasn't bad, either, Hermione thought, licking it as they
Hermione knew, somehow, what to do. He leaned forward and grasped the broom

"How to get onto the platform?" she said kindly, and Hermione nodded.
"That car's new, he's not sitting in it alone...."
Harry let out a great sigh and Hermione, amazed, saw that she was

And so he had.
school grounds and every now and then he gets drunk, tries to do magic,
about it?"
the Leaky Cauldron, now empty. Hermione didn't speak at all as they walked

and kicked off from the ground. What a feeling -- he swooped in and out
"Be grateful if yeh didn't mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts," he
Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Hermione realized that the
There was somethin' goin' on that night he hadn't counted on -- I dunno
"I'm not going in that forest, he said, and Hermione was pleased to hear

Hermione remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to
line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them. At last, she
It had been Hermione's best Christmas day ever. Yet something had been
"I'm fine," said Hermione, hardly knowing what he was saying. "The

and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer

Hermione nodded.
how risky feasts could be. "And you have another visitor."
little monk was saying: "Forgive and forget, I say, we ought to give him

out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet
Daily Prophet. Hermione had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to
She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion.
a joke. His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said
Ron's ears went pink. He seemed to think he'd said too much, because he
with look like?"
Hermione caught a glimpse of her face -- and was startled to see that she
nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to get that day.


Harry ran to turn him over. Neville's jaws were jammed together so he
"Red card!" said Dean furiously. "In soccer you get shown the red card
His name's been down ever since he was born. He's off ter the finest
hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during breakfast,
"And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor
chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy
timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn't seem to hear her. Exactly
"Sony?" barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back
boat!"
"Give it to me. Five points from Gryffindor."
A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered.


"That Quidditch cup'll have our name on it this year," said Wood happily

Cokeworth


Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.
remember! CarA you see how much better off he'll be, growing up away

card!"
adventure. You know, the Stone was really not such a wonderful thing. As
Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at
"It's too late to change the plan now," Hermione told Harry. "We haven't
purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and
resolution not to interfere in anything that didn't concern him was put
"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat.

Quirrell smiled. His face wasn't twitching at all.
You-Know-Who was one."


usual when, as much to Hermione's surprise as anyone else's, there he was

trust him at all. He wasn't a very good player yet and they kept
going to end up as Mrs. Norris's Christmas dinner.
-- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no
Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking
Hermione and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that


very first morning. Filch found them trying to force their way through a
The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him

Given Hermione his letter.
"Turpin, Lisa," became a Ravenclaw and then it was Ron's turn. He was
which gave Hermione time to dry his eyes on the sheet. When he had found
than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have
And Hermione let go. Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down,

his body, but couldn't feel them -- for a moment he could see nothing
before starting to make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and
"Wood's captain of the Gryffindor team," Professor McGonagall explained.
"It's the full Body-Bind," said Harry miserably. "Oh, Neville, I'm so
Hagrid was beaming.




about Hermione's age had their noses pressed against a window with
league as the Nimbus."

You might belong in Hufflepuff,


McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend he's not careless. He does
"Want a hand?" It was one of the red-haired twins he'd followed through
Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.
A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious
kitchen door behind them. Hermione and Dudley promptly had a furious but
As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them. Spray from the
gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head
"Oh, him," said Hermione. "I mean, yes, I am."
concern yeh. It's dangerous. You forget that dog, an' you forget what
"Oh, good," said Hermione. "Who is it?"
From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Hermione as
and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging
loudly. "Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an' that."

pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very


They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering -- glittering?
students who would be staying for the holidays, and Hermione had signed up
having to do a spell, but he did wish they could have tried it on



liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that
unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.


They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as
Harry, Hermione, you go with Fang an' this idiot. I'm sorry," Hagrid
The Slytherins were cheering. No one seemed to have noticed that Hermione's
Snape was standing there.


"You'd like one?"

his mind off his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of

"Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough
person ter tell yeh -- but someone 3 s gotta -- yeh can't go off ter
The library was pitch-black and very eerie. Hermione lit a lamp to see his
and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which
The Weasley twins' friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the
he is a bit mad, yes. Potatoes, Hermione?"
anyway.
Hermione was very relieved to find out that he wasn't miles behind everyone
because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the
fumbling in their panic. Hermione pulled the door open and they ran inside.
Snape spat bitterly on the ground.
where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an
"Welcome," he said. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin
the wrong hands... well, if I'd known what that wand was going out into
Christmas was coming. One morning in mid-December, Hogwarts woke to find

Harry almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.

had you, and of course I knew you'd be just the same, just as strange,
He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It seemed to be a

"Who's there?" he shouted. "I warn you -- I'm armed!"

"Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty,

"I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven
"All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," said Hagrid. " So me, Hermione,
later, the reflection smiled at him. It put its hand into its pocket and


fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway. Fer Dumbledore. Hogwarts
"Well, I just thought... maybe... it was something to do with... you

Slytherin House. They say he always favors them -- we'll be able to see
"I can't," said Hermione. "There isn't a reserve Seeker. If I back out,
"SILENCE!" yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the
"I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy --" the ghost began
thing he didn't know, an' I told him! Yeh could've died! All fer a
in what looked like lumpy gray glue.
suddenly and silently you'd have thought he'd just popped out of the
them.




Too weak to carry on. 'Cause somethin' about you finished him, Hermione.
Everyone from wizarding families talked about Quidditch constantly. Ron
You can keep your bowlers black,
see him alive again. This wasn't what you'd call comforting. Hermione
"See you in a minute, I hope...

"Everyone pick their favorite tune," said Dumbledore, "and off we go!"

prefect, he'd put a stop to this."

frog? I might get Agrippa -- thanks
addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock,

scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the
was doing but when he drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire
three of them, "Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of
"But what does a Ministry of Magic do?"

They frog-marched Percy from the room, his arms pinned to his side by

neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their

thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had


THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS

oldest brothers do now that they've left, anyway?"
"It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Harry, but this
Hermione could have laughed out loud with relief He was safe. There was
"Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?" Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that

He handed Hermione a small club, a bit like a short baseball bat.
screaming! Hermione snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one
She left the chamber. Hermione swallowed.
Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual when he was
At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a


Hedwig hadn't brought Hermione anything so far. She sometimes flew in to

"Now what do we do?" Hermione whispered.
makin'. Right, we're changin' groups -- Neville, you stay with me an'
these exams to get into the second year? They're very important, I
swallow."
It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most

"And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?"
He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt

Fluffy."
Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see
"You said You-Know-Who's name!" said Ron, sounding both shocked and
"And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?"
the cold night air. Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the

Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a
something like this... but he's in London... I'll be far away by the
study before yeh get ter that level."

Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later. The babble died away.
"Of course not," said Hermione, eager to see more magic. Hagrid pulled out
"Where on earth have you all been?" she asked, looking at their

"That does look good," said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Hermione


Snape silkily. "Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it



"Well, well, well," he whispered, "we are in trouble."
Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over
wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Hermione
"Oh, shut up," said Percy the Prefect.
telling me you've -- you've blown up a toilet or --"

been destroyed."
might overtake Slytherin."
"Probably," said Hermione. "They don't look very vicious, but I suppose if

winning. Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! The Bloody

"Better get the cloak," Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left,
glasses, and his hair was very untidy. It stuck up at the back, just as
"You're not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. All right, Percy, you go


over four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting.
nothin' of the sort."
Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to
"Because he's a prefect," said their mother fondly. "All right, dear,


"Another Weasley, eh?" said Hagrid, glancing at Ron's freckles. I spent
wilder-looking than Ronan.
flickering candlelight. Dotted here and there among the students, the
game ended in complete confusion.
hurting -- it's happened before, but never as often as this."
Hagrid
The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and

"I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said Professor

"Hullo," he said, smiling. "Finished yer exams? Got time fer a drink?"
"Don't make me feel worse," said Hermione. He told Hagrid about the pate
first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long,
supply of some basic potion ingredients for Hermione, Hermione himself
an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too --"

Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.

rest."
hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top

watched. He was very glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them.
his family -- in this case, his grandfather. However, old chessmen
"Hey, Mom, guess what? Guess who we just met on the train?"
Hermione walked round and round his new room. Someone knew he had moved out
Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive. He was tall,

There he was, reflected in it, white and scared-looking, and there,
streak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too. Neck
"Nicolas Flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known maker
brass scales
The train began to move. Hermione saw the boys' mother waving and their
"All right?" Hermione whispered.
said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them. "I bet
were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper
"what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?"
"He is," said the first twin. "Aren't you?" he added to Hermione.
McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and
-- come on, now, Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dives -- misses --


are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read

"The floor?" Hermione suggested. "I wasn't looking at its feet, I was too


onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.
I think he sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he knows more or


muttered, "I should have known."
the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.

dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes. Hermione now
"Snape was trying to save me?"
"The forest?" he repeated, and he didn't sound quite as cool as usual.



CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS
five hundred, but I haven't got Agrippa or Ptolemy."
light. He unwrapped it.
Muggle chess except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot



sniffy voice. "And you've got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you



gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.
peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint

clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to cheer
balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.
never done before; he visited Hermione in his cupboard.

seen an owl even at nighttime. Mr. Dursley, however, had a perfectly
"There's no need to tell me I'm not brave enough to be in Gryffindor,
Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight on
sky. The train did seem to be slowing down.
I WANT MY LETTER!" he shouted.
Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome
Harry didn't turn up for the next class and wasn't seen all
"Asked him. Saw his scar. It's really there - like lightning."



pajamas and fell into bed.
Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk
"I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor


There was a hitch. By the next morning, Ron's bitten hand had swollen to
"You've got some nerve --" said Ron loudly.
couldn't read maps or signs. Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and
the note of panic in his voice.
"Just one," said Harry. "And that reminds me -Hermione, Ron, we've got
of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Hermione


Hermione was strongly reminded of Dudley.
his knees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was handing
full of ordinary people. Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley,

yeh've been trained up a bit. With a mum an' dad like yours, what else
Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. They were off. "And the
anywhere -- just give us a hint -- I know I've read his name somewhere."
room; that's always unlocked."
lay quite still, facedown.


It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.
protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it."
They marched off across the dark grounds. Neville kept sniffing. Hermione
then, of course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of
work much easier.

Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy... never... but --



"No, Hermione, he has not. He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking
common room. A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning
colder and colder as they hurtled round tight corners. They went
behind her.
keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...
lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them. It was full of small,
And then they heard it -- a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of
He sat up and Hagrid's heavy coat fell off him. The hut was full of
they?" said Hermione miserably.

"What are you three doing inside?"
quicker he leaves this forest, the better."
and the next second, Hermione felt Quirrell's hand close on his wrist. At

"Did you see his scar?"




was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a
"And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet,
Hermione."
On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking

Powdered root of what to an infusion of what? Hermione glanced at Ron, who
with Dudley. Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private
"Good question, Hermione. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night he tried ter
under his left ear, and on Ron's smudged nose. Hermione nervously tried to
their secret weapon, Hermione should be kept, well, secret. But the news
had been worrying him a lot lately, "I bet I'm the worst in the class."

"No, not the floor. It was standing on a trapdoor. It's obviously
flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick

too many close shaves already. Filch, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are
allowed to eat as much as he liked. Dudley had always taken anything
"Oh, Neville," he heard the old woman sigh.
or worse, expelled. Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to bed."
catch you, he said you had a drag --"


Scabbers. "No -- I don't believe it -- he's gone back to sleep-"
it really once belonged to his father?

fight on the grounds. Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they
told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than
him back in the wild!"
It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did

Thief, you have been warned, beware


though the teddy was having his head torn off.

it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.

"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next
"I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name," said Hermione, I
"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,
wouldn't have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself -- no
"D'you think he meant you to do it?" said Ron. "Sending you your
"Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right," she said impatiently.


"Shhhh!" Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening.
badly we've done, there's no need to worry yet."
"Can you smell something?"
"Are we allowed to speak yet?" said Ron grumpily. Harry ignored him.
around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel. Every
could sell you a magic wand. This was just an ordinary street full of
Hermione, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.
"I knew it! I knew it!"


uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask
Filch.

across the room. He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at
them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.

good. Well, well, well... how curious... how very curious... "
GRYFFINDORS SCORE!"

Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to
caught you!"), and disappointment that he hadn't at least found out who

the wall. "Really, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a
"A bit," said Harry timidly.
-- you could have been killed."
To his surprise, Hagrid chuckled.
"No -- I'm alone -- but I'm different -- I look older -- and I'm head
Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice
looked as stumped as he was; Harry's hand had shot into the air.
Hermione thought this was going a bit far. He had been to school, after
who had a boat to himself. "Right then -- FORWARD!"

trusting him.
with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Hermione had caught Ron


he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley
You-Know-Who's behind it."

"Just yer wand left - A yeah, an' I still haven't got yeh a birthday
"Out of the way, you," he said, punching Hermione in the ribs. Caught by
that was where he slept.
perched on top like a coconut. It had short legs thick as tree trunks

clenched.
suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not
"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or


Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night before he went to
Wizard's duel. Wands only -- no contact. What's the matter? Never heard
shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each

Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Hermione aside.
A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. Clearly
under his breath.
turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose
with bulging, lamp like eyes just like Filch's. She patrolled the
Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got
nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.
himself.
he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against
nobody liked to disagree with Dudley's gang.
"No."

"But Professor --"
happen.... They must show that Voldemort's coming back.... Bane thinks



"I'm freezing," said Ron. "Let's forget it and go back."
never, ever forget tonight.
and taken off. He hadn't been lying, he could fly well. Hovering level
he snorted. He bent down over the fireplace; they couldn't see what he
got the pieces, though," he added brightly.
"But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too."

your nose, and screech, "GOT YOUR CONK!"

A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl

The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk. It
How they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never
"Seeker?" he said. "But first years never -- you must be the youngest
and pulled on the invisibility cloak.

Hermione picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It was strange to
watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight.
"You flatter me," said Dumbledore calmly. "Voldemort had powers I will
wine; one will get us safely through the black fire, and one will get us
seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake
threw it as hard as he could against the wall.

hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, "Thanks
his great relief, Hermione wasn't punished.

"You'd better get out, then. Go on -- out!"
On the last day of August he thought he'd better speak to his aunt and

indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got
"Boot, Terry!"
"Just the one. Gringotts. Run by goblins."
legs so that Hermione could clamber onto his back.
jerk and Hermione swung off it. He was now dangling from it, holding on

finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Hermione's
"School houses. There's four. Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o'
prickle of fear every time You- Know-Who was mentioned. He supposed this
"Come here," Quirrell repeated. "Look in the mirror and tell me what you
usual. "Swish and flick, remember, swish and flick. And saying the magic
dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.
raised high in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going
"But what happened to Vol--, sorry -- I mean, You-Know-Who?"

He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.
Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned right




pulled out a blood-red stone. It winked and put the Stone back in its
presents from them Dursleys. Just Ollivanders left now - only place fer
Snape?" said Harry in alarm.
So Hermione set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang. They
Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed,
ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Hermione.

"Yes," said the boy miserably. "Well, if you see him..."
into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row --
weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it



"Hermione Potter!"
Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew
toadless boy, or Harry Granger this time.
to stop him from killing me. But why would he want to kill me in the
"Snape's done it, then!" said Ron. "If Quirrell's told him how to break
the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.
was guarding the Stone."
broomstick. Come on, hurry up."

"Yes -- thank you -- what was that?"


The anger faded from Hagrid's face. He looked suddenly anxious.
certain, there was no television in there.
know..." he said heavily.

no good. He'd have to say something to her. He cleared his throat
And the old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off.
"Are you really?" said Harry. "I know all about you, of course -- I
knows he can trust me, see.

fire.
unpleasant.
He put Hagrid's flute to his lips and blew. It wasn't really a tune, but

a desk. Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox
Neville shook his head.
too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania to visit
of it, he wasn't even sure his nephew was called Hermione. He'd never even

could usually count on Dudley to know the days the week, because of
get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat."
shopping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as

"Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley."
"You, too," said Hermione. "Will you look at this? I've got some presents!"

Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn't school,
"I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley."
Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault,
-- he was a foot away -- he closed his eyes ready for the crash --


shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.

of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy."

yesterday ter fix it. 'Course, he shoulda sacked me instead -- anyway,
"The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the

anything yeh want ter keep safe -- 'cept maybe Hogwarts. As a matter o'
Ron didn't answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because


that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense."
"No," said Hermione flatly, "we've done enough poking around."
"Sorry," said Hermione, "but what's curious?"
Enter, stranger, but take heed

before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling,
He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he
It was Harry who spoke first.

straight at Ron and started licking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was
"I'm not Fred, I'm George," said the boy. "Honestly, woman, you call
months. The castle felt more like home than Privet Drive ever had. His


furiously toward Marcus Flint.
and strapping it down safely. "The Bludgers rocket around, trying to
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a
his sideways looks. "If I was ter -- er -- speed things up a bit, would
rattling over an underground ravine, and Hermione leaned over the side to
"He's just the build for a Seeker, too," said Wood, now walking around
nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Hermione felt a hand on his

like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the
"Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said Ron. "Maybe

The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly, it raised
"Snape's refereeing?" he spluttered through a mouthful of mud. "When's
bun. She looked distinctly ruffled.
himself in time to hear Snape say, "-- your little bit of hocus-pocus.


platforms nine and ten. Hermione walked more quickly. He was going to smash
"Bones, Susan!"


Hermione groaned.
asleep yet. Until they were, he couldn't risk sneaking to the kitchen
Thousand turned wherever he wanted at his lightest touch.
important anymore. Who cared what the three headed dog was guarding?
from all that until he's ready to take it?"
"What's the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen?" Hermione
CHAPTER FIFTEEN


"Hermione Potter..." it whispered.

his first match after weeks of training: Gryffindor versus Slytherin. If
"Tricky customer, eh? Not to worry, we'll find the perfect match here

"Fred? George? Are you there?"
unwrapped.
along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was

the mirror.
They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air became
straight back down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistle -- three
"Oh -well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George's jokes," said

of points in all the time they've been here, and people still like

it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh






still muttering, "Curious... curious..


Hermione. smiled weakly. Yes, trying on the hat was a lot better than
instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell's face --
one who wanted to find the Stone -- find it, but not use it -- would be
a pig anyway there wasn't much left ter do."




they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.
this?"



wanted now was a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to their great

cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people
We could send Norbert to him. Charlie can take care of him and then put
read.
Harry had got both her breath and her bad temper back again. "You
the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach
"That will do," he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on
you're very nervous. What if he wasn't chosen at all? What if he just


nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the
"A what?" said Hermione, interested.
daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.

Ron grabbed the binoculars. Snape was in the middle of the stands
"That wasn' no werewolf an' it wasn' no unicorn, neither," said Hagrid
"Er -- have the Bludgers ever killed anyone?" Hermione asked, hoping he

I think he's been knocked out," Ron said to Hermione. He looked closer at


It was true that Hermione wasn't going back to Privet Drive for Christmas.
too? Was he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirror's
Hermione went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter. He handed
On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letters to

they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban. The
for the first time in his life.
Hermione felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to
socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.



While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom
But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out
"Good wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got

"He saved his life."


people yeh couldn't find -- anyway..."

"Er -- well, I'm right-handed," said Hermione.

"What should we do?"
the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of."
he was going. Perhaps because it was dark, he didn't recognize where he
"Is he always that nervous?"
as she towered over the three of them.
like directing troops in battle. Ron's set was very old and battered.
wizard, of course."
"Should call Filch, I should, if something's a-creeping around unseen."
to stop you, and you can back me up."
not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay

and Harry.
could see a tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be going off
"Don't be stupid," said Ron.
Potter's in this compartment. So it's you, is it?"
when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece of



Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,
stuffed roughly into the keyhole.
Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate.
there must be a stream somewhere close by. There were still spots of

Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasn't that. The books
As Hermione stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little


"Don't know why he's so bothered," said Ron. "If I'd brought a toad I'd

down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look


Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus
"Er -- yes, they did, yes," said Hagrid, shuffling his feet. "I've still
visit me next week. Trouble is, they mustn't be seen carrying an illegal
under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he'd be

slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have
flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.
"All right." Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dog's
afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead. As he

Tongue- Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.
even lasted two weeks. He'd be packing his bags in ten minutes. What

Then a pain like he'd never felt before pierced his head; it was as
be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off."

they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once
asleep.
backs while Dudley hit them. Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.
witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of
"Yes," said Dumbledore. "He'll have that scar forever."
importantly, throwing out his chest. "It's about the YouKnow-What in


doing, checking for letter bombs?" He chuckled at his own joke.
third floor."

to -- everyone knows he's after Quirrell's job. Knows an awful lot about
Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin.
walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who
"But this is important."
Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls... he would

sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train

something for Gringotts," said Ron. "Did you hear about


spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the

not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell
when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Neville the
"I don't know... sounds like wings to me."

Dumbledore had convinced Hermione not to go looking for the Mirror of
grimly. "Right, follow me, but careful, now."
"The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing,
"Go away, Peeves, or the Baron'll hear about this, I mean it!" barked
Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of
Professor McGonagall stopped outside a classroom. She opened the door
Friday was an important day for Hermione and Ron. They finally managed to
dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas
some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse him. He chuckled and
"Hermione's is better than ours, though," said Fred, holding up Hermione's
"Very good," said Wood.

sure that Hermione didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do. He
"Confuse it!" Hermione said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he
bloody handkerchief. "I'm not going to be able to hold a quill for a
was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech
"You can come tonight, I'm going back, I want to show you the mirror.
house cup and the Quidditch cup -- I'm Quidditch captain, too.
"I don't want more trouble," he mumbled.


that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying
"Shut up!" Hermione whispered.
stars... and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today..."



He made his way down to the staffroom and knocked. There was no answer.
"The gold ones are Galleons," he explained. "Seventeen silver Sickles to

returned to you. Use it well.

"We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested.
"Good of her to get us out of trouble like that," Ron admitted. "Mind
which was worse -- people telling him he'd be brilliant or people
Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape's
another lemon drop and did not answer.
"What about you, Neville?" said Ron.
coolly.
bought.


expelled from! He'll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark
would come back and lead him to his doom.

"Not arguing, I hope, boys?" he squeaked.
"P-P-Petunia!" he gasped.
"No... you go..."
At five to three they left the castle and made their way across the
toad. You two had better change, you know, I expect we'll be there
fading footsteps.
shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, "We got
very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.
the Quidditch pitch. Many students had binoculars. The seats might be
overhead seemed to quiver. Percy could be heard telling the other
to do. It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late
They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other

met him, " said Hermione.
Someone knocked into Hermione as they hurried past him. It was Harry.

anything like that.
the Apothecary, which was fascinating enough to make up for its horrible
burst into tears. Gryffindors up and down the table were beside
just never knew you shouldn't. See what I mean? I've got loads to
dragon!"
She stood up, glaring at them.
Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his



It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A wizened

out into the corridor.
had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape
"Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune," said the giant; he reached over
"So light a fire!" Hermione choked.
A horrible thought struck Hermione, as horrible thoughts always do when
around since last night at least."


finally, Hermione pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.


Worst of all were Professor Snape's classes down in the dungeons, where


He cleared his throat.



It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Hermione

for the two teams, her broom in her hand.
banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great
"Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said Harry, looking
glass, saying, "The usual, Hagrid?"
favorite punching bag was Hermione, but he couldn't often catch him. Hermione
Hermione stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope,

"Bless my soul," whispered the old bartender, "Hermione Potter... what an
things happened. He was takin' over. 'Course, some stood up to him --

hurried over.


Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,
Hermione, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who
find out how the mirror worked. It's almost like he thought I had the
Hermione.
"Well, I'll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose," said the drawling boy.

Hermione thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus
Every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces showed no mercy.
"You want to be careful with those," Ron warned Hermione. "When they say
Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself

Ron, at the next table, wasn't having much more luck.

The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throwing them
getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine,
Half an hour later, Hermione, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in
live as a Muggle!"
"In here."

"You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of



"See you over the summer, then."
Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the
possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes -- she's
"No more'n four to a boat!" Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little

"I bet I'm in Hufflepuff" said Hermione gloomily.
goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team," Hermione
"So you must know loads of magic already."
vault seven hundred and thirteen."
After lunch they went to the reptile house. It was cool and dark in
Finnigan told it, he'd spent most of his childhood zooming around the
at the first years. They seemed to be arguing. What looked like a fat
Heart hammering, Hermione pushed his cart after them. They stopped and so
went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.


completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled
they didn't fail. He had a plan.
"Wingardium Leviosa!" he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.
that."

the Stone without us? I'd better go and took through my books, there

School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all
equipment, I suppose? I've g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampires,

"Hermione Potter, "chorused the twins.
"This is boring," Dudley moaned. He shuffled away.
several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more. He was in a
must be five floors above there.


given him for Christmas. He pocketed it to use on Fluffy -- he didn't
Except --


flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the picture was the
one terrible moment there, I was afraid it had. As for the Stone, it has
one night, they'd ruined any chance Gryffindor had had for the house
him and a couple of other stupid first years.

class, keeping her head down and working in silence.
"Look!" Harry seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. Hermione

Hermione knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the
There weren't many people left now. "Moon" "Nott" "Parkinson" then a
as they approached the giant heads. "I think we'll be able to pull the
"You two wait here!" Hagrid shouted. "Stay on the path, I'll come back

Wishing he'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Hermione left
Wouldn't it be better just to go home, dear?" Aunt Petunia suggested
CHAPTER TEN

burning holes in people's shoes. Within seconds, the whole class was
A barn owl brought Neville a small package from his grandmother. He

there, lost for words. Dumbledore hummed a little and smiled at the

Hermione saw it. In a great rush of excitement he dived downward after the
"Thanks," said Hermione, "I'll need something to look forward to." People
"You-Know-Who killed 'em. An' then -- an' this is the real myst'ry of
Ron and Harry squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join
They had reached another door.
tracks.

It wasn't Mrs. Norris. It was Neville. He was curled up on the floor,




nose. Hermione could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.


which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in
secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost
"All right, keep your hair on."
"Say 'please."'
weak to seek it.... Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I
name of heaven did Hermione survive?"
the best Christmas he'd ever had. Ron and his brothers were staying,
Once the holidays had started, Ron and Hermione were having too good a time
that's saying something."

Ron and Harry, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to
Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines
take that bishop, Harry, go on."



bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.
CHAPTER FIVE
Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor -- what


points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching
match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.
As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyone's attention


"Can't have," Hagrid said, his voice shaking. "Can't nothing interfere


quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.
He glared at them.
the crack between door and floor.
dragon.


their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didn't

"Password?" she said. "Caput Draconis," said Percy, and the portrait
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
last! Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy,
"You will keep looking while I'm away, won't you?" said Harry. "And
He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Hermione and seized his



snakelike tendrils around her ankles. As for Hermione and Ron, their legs
themselves tightly around Hermione.
moons through the gloom of the shop.

really flying -- dodges a speeding Bludger -- the goal posts are ahead


that strangers in the street seemed to know him. Very strange strangers
When they told him about Charlie's letter, his eyes filled with tears,
She pushed the book toward them, and Hermione and Ron read: The ancient
"Yeah -- yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped

strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the
"He's the gamekeeper," said Hermione. He was liking the boy less and less


its feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull
A white pawn had moved forward two squares.
"CAR CRASH!" roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys
"They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then,
golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.

The Dursleys were cowering against the wall.
almost dark now, but Hermione could see Quirrell, standing quite still as


"The Sorcerer's Stone! Of course -- the Elixir of Life! But I don't
mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the excitement of the
--"



say something to defend himself, but there seemed to be something wrong
Gryffindor in the lead. He'd done it, he'd shown Snape....
few words of what they were saying.
much had he heard? Hermione didn't like the look on Malfoy's face at all.

Wood cleared his throat for silence.

there's Potter, who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've
of their minds.
Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the
Railview Hotel
"What are you doing?" moaned Ron, gray-faced.
"We won't practice with the Snitch yet," said Wood, carefully shutting
hand, tears in his eyes.
invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn't know about that."
light came from. He couldn't remember his parents at all. His aunt and

shoulder.
through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash
Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Hermione had to do
your little friends with you," said Hermione coolly. There was of course
Firenze. "Only one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain,
his destiny. Hermione told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it
"Now, wait quietly, Potter. I need to examine this interesting mirror.

penalty for no reason at all. "It's people they feel sorry for. See,
overtake Slytherin in the house championship for the first time in seven
street.

"Oh, well done!" cried Professor Flitwick, clapping. "Everyone see here,
"They were a witch and wizard, if that's what you mean."
"It's our sport. Wizard sport. It's like -- like soccer in the Muggle
knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.

to Hermione during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they
house, and I must say, I agree. Know what house you'll be in yet?"

Harry whisper, "Its bewitched to look like the sky outside. I read
asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors
pieces before his eyes. Uncle Vernon didnt go to work that day. He
He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what
heard none of this, though. He was being made a cup of strong tea back
-- Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.

"POTTER!"
hands. Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class. His
As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears. All three of
Hermione left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two
It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold
all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had
"Shoo!" said Mr. Dursley loudly. The cat didn't move. It just gave him a
sounding just like Professor Quirrell.
Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville's cloak, which was fastened

blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a
Hermione did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his
read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C. A single wand lay
"Yer not from a Muggle family. If he'd known who yeh were -- he's grown
"Neville," she said, "I'm really, really sorry about this."
interesting, but the spell didn't work. I'll show you, look..."
lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl.

happened?" Hermione asked urgently.
in.

the spectators were high enough to see what was going on. At either end
for. The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the
"Abou' time," he said. "I bin waitin' fer half an hour already. All
He passed the sausages to Hermione, who was so hungry he had never tasted
A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence -- the book was
HALLOWEEN
on the table.
I went looking for the troll because I -- I thought I could deal with it

Mr. Ollivander fixed Hermione with his pale stare.
has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on
bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus. All they really

all worked for me. Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such
A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously. One of his eyes
While they had been talking, the train had carried them out of London.
the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and
was tremblin' ter meet yeh -- mind you, he's usually tremblin'."


What looked like the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine and ten.
necessary books and equipment.
its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Hermione time to run around it.
It wasn't going to be that simple. They hadn't gone more than a dozen
"I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore,
A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their
Harry looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.
On the other hand, he'd gotten into terrible trouble for being found on

Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the

who visited the house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and
into rats. I was the only one who saw her for what she was -- a freak!
grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.
Hermione counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg
thing in the world after that. Not until they'd stepped out into the
and hovered about a foot off the stairs.
heard


At eleven o'clock that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the common
sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted
They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. Hermione got toast,
lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and
Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn't have to


He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room,
Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken. The white
"That's your problem," said Ron. "We've got to go, we 3 re going to be
For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell

suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday? And then
the door and trapped in there," said Griphook.
ridiculous ideas about good and evil. Lord Voldemort showed me how wrong
The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over the door

she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. The tall, thin,
His aunt and uncle stared.
has got to keep an eye on Snape -- wait outside the staff room and
"What about what's-her-name, your friend -- Yvonne?"
bundle of blankets on the step of number four.

best witches an' wizards of the age -- the McKinnons, the Bones, the

simple potion to cure boils. He swept around in his long black cloak,
stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.
"Dunno, some sort of plant thing. I suppose it's here to break the fall.


merrily at her.
"Yeah, Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.
they all swooped down at once... well, there's no other choice... I'll
"Okay, men," he said.
"What are these?" Hermione asked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs.
from the ceiling. While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a
His next present also contained candy -- a large box of Chocolate Frogs


"Nearly there!" Hermione panted as they reached the corridor beneath the






left without another word. Hermione turned and saw the Dursleys drive away.
as though they knew someone was there who shouldn't be.

"Do you think this mirror shows the future?"

feet, and Hermione was just wondering how much farther they had to go when


their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of
before the other team's Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the
try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and
Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who've spotted them, to
"That was far easier than I thought it would be," said Harry as they
"Nothing?" said Ron eagerly.

its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Hermione a look that said quite plainly:
me. I've got him, sir."
"There's still Fluffy, though," said Harry.
"Hello, dear," she said. "First time at Hogwarts? Ron's new, too."
a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Hermione at the Gryffindor table.
"Be warned, Potter -- any more nighttime wanderings and I will
the food'll be good."
chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.
Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with

NOW!"

was complete silence. Then the hat twitched. A rip near the brim opened

at home. I'm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer...."
corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. It was now

sprang up all over his arms and legs.

glance at it. Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the
nothing would surprise him.

"Where?"
him!"

simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was
in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it
"What have we got today?" Hermione asked Ron as he poured sugar on his
There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more

me over here a moment."
Prewetts -- an' you was only a baby, an' you lived."
called him "the Seeker."
everybody else was very pleased when Harry's lecture was interrupted
themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the
"Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there's still
Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening
was me," said Harry. "Do either of you know what house you'll be in?
silly stunt -- these people were obviously collecting for something...
quickly enough.
him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets.
the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to

bed and into trouble. I've already caught him. I suppose you think it's
package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and

the same, those people in cloaks...
hem of Snape's robes.

crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have

These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets. At the
had also tent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a
boy Hermione had passed on platform nine and threequarters came in. He
used on Snape at the plant. In a matter of seconds, the two boys felt it
"Well, what are you all waiting for?" she barked. "Everyone stand by a

"Well?" said Quirrell impatiently. "What do you see?"
boats sitting in the water by the shore. Hermione and Ron were followed

Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy's elbow.

were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat
giant. Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said,
"Barking," said Uncle Vernon, "howling mad, the lot of them. You'll see.

gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on the train. Dumbledore's silver hair

lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had
biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Hermione followed Griphook toward

Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the
The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just

along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the
him?
he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to
hall, Hermione right behind him. Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the


I bet you'll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won't you,



"Where's my letter?" said Hermione, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
got all day." He walked away.
"See?" said Harry, when Hermione and Ron had finished. "The dog must be
The Cupboard under the Stairs

Dumbledore, right?"


"It's not a stoat sandwich, is it?" said Hermione anxiously, and at last
elephant skin, probably.
didn't know what time it was and he couldn't be sure the Dursleys were
looked wonderful. Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long
suddenly grabbed Ron's arm.
1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his
his quill and looking longingly out of the library window. It was the

cheering with the rest.
key with the damaged wing. "Ron, you come at it from above -- Harry,
circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.
branches.
their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as
them.

again. "Hope your business goes well, Baron, I'll not bother you."
them jump.
who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing
remember that. Now, why don't you put that admirable cloak back on and
Emporium -- Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy. Several boys of
"See you, Potter!"
"You're joking."
Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched
face the black flames.


Hermione looked at the tiny bottle.
"Must get on -- lots ter buy. Come on, Hermione."
Ron grunted in his sleep. Should Hermione wake him? Something held him back
Hermione had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and


He walked forward and shook the centaur's hand.

"We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Harry, rather bravely,
would the Dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep?
humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything


flatten his hair.


to pull himself together, he let himself into the house. He was still

when he told us."

everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.
streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Hermione leaned forward and
once. "An' what're you lot up ter?" He looked suddenly suspicious. "Yer
nightmares when he was tired out after training.
Hermione groped for the doorknob -- between Filch and death, he'd take
Hermione got one."
"Where was I?" said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still

"Hagrid," said Hermione loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's going to
The club flew suddenly out of the troll's hand, rose high, high up into
idea, when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin' hold of
bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door
to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts.
nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to
"Yeah... he asked what I did, an' I told him I was gamekeeper here....

fields had gone. Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green
apart from you."
From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I don't


Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by
nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection
Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught
was some stupid new fashion. He drummed his fingers on the steering
"Hagrid," said Harry, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow,
The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down
for Pleasure and Profit -- it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it's

"Excuse me," Hermione said to the plump woman.
got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance

He let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous
although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten him on the
"Don't push me --"
Ron's were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers underneath
The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his
Hermione. It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it


"Give it here!" Hermione yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick
furious at the nerve of Hermione, carrying an owl in a cage in a station

thinking... you're really getting a bit big for it... we think it might
They bought Hermione's school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts
might be something useful..."

surrounding a large letter H.
Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch

front to ask the conductor, and he says we're nearly there. You haven't





room. He was holding a rifle in his hands -- now they knew what had been


their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through

though his scar were on fire. Half blinded, he staggered backward. He

He pointed at Hermione's forehead.
came round the door. Ron and Hermione stood quite still, both thinking the
getting nearer. Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke
forbidden forest. A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the
"I suppose you think you're harder to get past than a pack of
outskirts of a big city. Dudley and Hermione shared a room with twin beds
As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Hermione made both of
"I'm not ill," said Hermione. "I think it's a warning... it means danger's




worry."
hungry he was. The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago.
they complained how much Hermione cost them to keep? And all the time there
The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging
up to.

substitutes so the players could get some sleep. "Well, that's it -- any
and tiptoed toward the trophy room.
Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Hermione.
"You've met Malfoy before?"

day. People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look
"Petrificus Totalus!" she cried, pointing it at Neville.
where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.
"Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!" said Ron. "Can I have a

But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire,
England if he hadn't gone off chasing dragons."

heart. Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what
They stared at him.
glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him
Hermione explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley.
"Ah, Yes," he said softly, "Hermione Potter. Our new -- celebrity."
And speaking of Snape...

"We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all," said Harry.
that of his reflection.
something huge was moving toward them. They shrank into the shadows and


nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.

won't know himself. He'll be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a

So where shall I put you?"
say he was just a famous name any more. The evening air had never
caught him in mid- jump.
a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the


everywhere? Can't get rid of her -- Fitch puts her up to it."

record shop on the other as if they couldn't see the Leaky Cauldron at
Harry pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.
"If we just do a bit of poking around --"


it came to him. The Restricted Section in the library. He'd be able to


squashed box. Hermione opened it with trembling fingers. Inside was a
Hermione pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. Written in narrow,
Slytherin.
THE BOY WHO LIVED
pair of twin girls, "Patil" and "Patil" then "Perks, Sally-Anne" and


"Yeah, you'll be needin' one," said Hagrid, "but we gotta get yer money
easily back into its frame. The noise of the storm outside dropped a
Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a
It was dinnertime. Hermione had just finished telling Ron what had happened
that is."
them nice and empty before next year starts....

Hermione thought she was probably right, but he wasn't going to tell her
When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story
tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion
"It's not any old broomstick," he said, "it's a Nimbus Two Thousand.


"Ready, are you?"
terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.
back."

mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --

"No," said Ron. "But see what the card is. I'm missing Agrippa."

"And that's where..."
when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let
He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his


of the window again.



the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon's hands, bent
possibly steal it, it's too well protected."
"Mom?" he whispered. "Dad?"
said Hermione, trying to take Ron's mind off houses. "So what do your
tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley. He
o'clock," he read.
night with his family. Nothing at all.
four-posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains. Their trunks had
line, and she'd whisk off for Filch, who'd appear, wheezing, two seconds
"Mars is bright tonight," Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him

gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach... dreading going

one night! I've never heard of such a thing before! You, Miss Granger, I

He left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little mercy to his followers
They hadn't realized how loudly they had been talking.
is at Quidditch, but I bet that's all talk."


"Hermione -- move diagonally four squares to the right."

"Don't you call me an idiot!" said Neville. I don't think you should be
Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts -- yeh'll know all about Hogwarts, o' course.
have a few start-of-term notices to give you.
stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be Hagrid's assistant. His
"Is it true?" he said. "They're saying all down the train that Hermione

he bought me my toad."
"He's lost his marbles," Ron muttered in Hermione's ear.
naughty, you'll get caughty."
"There's summat bad loose in this forest. This is Hermione Potter an'
for them. There was a very embarrassed pause. Then, none of them looking
"Fred, you next," the plump woman said.
"But what can we --"

awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a
At school, Hermione had no one. Everybody knew that Dudley's gang hated
everyone in the Leaky Cauldron was like when they saw yeh. Anyway, what
"Should tell Filch, I should," said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his
that letter than up here without it.
-- there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a

we saw him -- he's after whatever it's guarding! And Id bet my
Neville at the breakfast table. They were all the same:

ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
great with animals."


didn't look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone
send you an owl."

"An' as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, I'd like ter introduce her to Fang
George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.
zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and uncle hadn't been able


Potter.

robes up over their noses. Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in


"Want to play chess, Hermione?" said Ron.
dad says it must've been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts,
"How come Percy gets new robes, anyway?" said one of the twins.

It sounded as though someone was threatening him. Hermione moved closer.
Hermione laughed, but he was one of the few who did.
"Oh, you know about Nicolas?" said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.
was a blazing fire in the grate. Hagrid made them tea and offered them
to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.
which surely meant that the Stone was still safe. Whenever Hermione passed




Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Hermione was turning over the bacon.

At that moment Neville toppled into the common room. How he had managed

greenhouse roof, and he still didn't have his room back. Hermione was
Hagrid's hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by
positions of the seven players, describing famous games he'd been to
"Hagrid!" said Hermione, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and

halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them.
Nicolas Flamel."

quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.
"There's nothin' that lives in the forest that'll hurt yeh if yer with

wondered what their punishment was going to be. It must be something
country. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for
the other two. For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at
had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week
It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving
Quirrell snapped his fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped
Professor McGonagall was again different. Hermione had been quite right to
"Right," said Wood. "Now, Quidditch is easy enough to understand, even
their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at
still in possession."

beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm. Then he
fast as he could toward Peeves's shouts.
pretend sobs. "He always sp- spoils everything!" He shot Hermione a nasty
are your parents?"
food. He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table:
Snape, however, was not pleased.
McGonagall didn't say a word to him. She wrenched open doors and marched
with cold, Hermione spotted the suit of armor.
"It was a dream, he told himself firmly. "I dreamed a giant called
When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Hermione looked at each other. "What is a

sticks.
anyway?"
Dark Side.
corridor on the third floor. He wouldn't believe they were lost, was



wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite

"How long have I been in here?"

Hermione dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail. Three things
didn't dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could, "Their son --


something peculiar -- a cat reading a map. For a second, Mr. Dursley
top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting.

Bott's Every Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come
handle."

water trickling down the walls. The passageway sloped downward, and
should have started studying a month ago, I don't know what's gotten


he? So useful to have him swooping around like an overgrown bat. Next to
down the corridor outside -- stuffing the shrieking book back on the
as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts



to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door. He tried to lift it
Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking
"VOLDEMORT!" Hermione bellowed, and Hagrid was so shocked, he stopped
going to know we're getting rid of Norbert."

something.

Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Hermione's face.

You've got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn't blinking at all, I saw
"But I thought -- Snape --"

the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six
They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Hagrid

It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for


already been brought up. Too tired to talk much, they pulled on their


ahead. They couldn't see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor
"Your father would have been proud," she said. "He was an excellent


They had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick called them one by
in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.

So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to -the Great


Hermione sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, the

into tears and said she couldn't believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he
direction as they walked up the street, trying to look at everything at

He ignored Harry's hand.


A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor
"Yes, please," Hermione panted.
Snitch clasped in his hand.
left. I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off you."
for ages past, so it is now."
The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door, but it
paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a
Five minutes to go. Hermione heard something creak outside. He hoped the
A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in last place. In
Hermione pushed it open.
off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.
he had everything he needed, saw that Hedwig was shut safely in her
getting started at last on his cold pie. Catching the look on Hermione's
thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.

bathroom. They had just turned the corner when they heard quick
It happened again. It was as though the broom was trying to buck him

"They're not birds!" Hermione said suddenly. "They're keys! Winged keys --
that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact

"He wants payin' fer deliverin' the paper. Look in the pockets."
his head. As he measured, he said, "Every Ollivander wand has a core of
tend to -- what was that?"
"Yes," said Hermione, "but I can't remember it."
they can't be far, we'll catch them."
standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.
it.
"Yeah," said Hagrid, "but have yeh seen anythin', Ronan? Anythin'
the library. He, Ron, and Harry had already agreed they'd better not
"Now, yer mum an' dad were as good a witch an' wizard as I ever knew.
sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley."

hut. Then they heard a distant shout.

But Uncle Vernon wasn't going to give in without a fight.

ceiling. He took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a

of his cupboard and they seemed to know he hadn't received his first
on the way to greatness, no doubt about that -- no? Well, if you're sure

stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.
I will be able to create a body of my own.... Now... why don't you give
middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in
"Yeah," said Hagrid, glancing up, too. "Listen, I'm glad we've run inter

weren't a drawback at all. Ron knew them so well he never had trouble
and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework,
"Light?" said Ron, but Harry told him to be quiet until she'd looked

never known your family, see them standing around you. Ronald Weasley,
Harry's lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Hermione and threw her
door.
"White always plays first in chess," said Ron, peering across the board.
mirror, I should see myseff finding it -- which means I'll see where

And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters...
"I don't understand... is the Stone inside the mirror? Should I break


"Yes?" said Hermione eagerly.

Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Hermione, by
with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).
Hermione, charging at the figure.
Only Ron stood by him.
'Jordan, I'm warning you --"
called Gred and Forge."
Tufty again.
Professor McGonagall. "I'm very disappointed in you. If you're not hurt
turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.
"Unless you get out now," said Hermione, more bravely than he felt, because
"Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?"
"You'd better hurry up and put your robes on, I've just been up to the
"Can we buy all this in London?" Hermione wondered aloud.
the room."
"That one!" he called to the others. "That big one -- there -- no, there
"I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL To TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!"
"If yeh know where to go," said Hagrid.
"Really break your leg," said Ron.
each other, and Hermione was sure the coats of armor could walk.
on his bucking broomstick. So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back
corner.
"He's not serious?" he muttered to Percy.
"It'd be safe to ask them."
CHAPTER THREE
everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing
his nose with a sound like a foghorn.
spell that Snape needs to break through --"
clothes. No arguments!"
came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the
three-headed dog. So what do we do, Hermione?"

When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table
here -- another young man being fitted up just now, in fact. "
"I'll take them," said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following
castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they


crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last
"A Muggle," said Hagrid, "it's what we call nonmagic folk like thern.
carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which
stiff as a board.

This only left one parcel. Hermione picked it up and felt it. It was very
missed five television programs he'd wanted to see, and he'd never gone
man's face. He wore half- moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and
new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time

pillow for what seemed like hours. Hermione couldn't think of anything to
Boa Constrictor, Brazil.


Neville, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or
was standing over him, not Ronan or Bane; this one looked younger; he
"I can't see anything."
didn't realize what he had seen -- then he jerked his head around to
And there's Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Hermione thought, his heart

"Nothing, Neville, nothing," said Hermione, hurriedly putting the cloak



points are all in and Slytherin won, of course -- you missed the last

to relax with Harry next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragon's

McGonagall told Wood. "Didn't even scratch himself. Charlie Weasley
"All summer --"
follow me."
"What is it?"
tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfay like a javelin. Malfoy
Your top hats sleek and tall,

trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to
have let him down many times. He has had to be very hard on me."
"Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have
curiously. It was full of wizard photographs. Smiling and waving at him
sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with
Section. He had been wondering for a while if Flamel wasn't somewhere in

particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in
less everything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he had a pretty
Hermione felt the blood drain out of his face. Wherever he was, Filch must


excitedly, too, and he couldn't see a single collecting tin. It was on
"But we've got no proof!" said Hermione. "Quirrell's too scared to back us
say a word. Like Hermione, she felt they deserved what they'd got.
"Do you realize who this is?" said Firenze. "This is the Potter boy. The
second television and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a

It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body. He put the bottle

throwing me out after that."
He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows.
"P for prefect! Get it on, Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even
had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.

Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs

A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the
"But sit, the Stone

"Hogwarts, clear?" she said, when Hermione started to speak. "Got the lot
"Why not?"
Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley wondered

one of your teachers at Hogwarts."


didn't wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to

"I shouldn't be too friendly to them, Hagrid," said Filch coldly,
at all, you'd better get off to Gryffindor tower. Students are finishing
head back at the Dursleys' dark living-room window. "I heard it. Flocks
"Shut up, you two," said Wood. "This is the best team Gryffindor's had
Of finding more than treasure there.
Sorcerer's Stone? Hermione didn't see how he could -- yet he sometimes had
can't."

reasonably. "Anyway, I know Malfoy's always going on about how good he
Harry stepped forward.
to the station. Hermione couldn't blame them. Not only was Hagrid twice as




looked like black stone. Facing them, way across the chamber, were the
Elfric the Eager."




to fight Malfay, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble
dying away. That had been close, very close. It was a few seconds before
"Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall."
turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for
entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Harry out
broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to
Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now. It was plain that
prefects, "My brother, you know! My youngest brother! Got past
Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in

big mistake.

scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a
to him in the stands. "Why would Snape do somethin' like that?"
"But we're not six hundred years old," Ron reminded her. "Anyway, what
They hadn't realized what a racket they had been making, but of course,
week. I tell you, that dragon's the most horrible animal I've ever met,
room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when

"Who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?" he asked Percy.
When Hermione pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak
Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her
"Yes, please," said Ron, but Hermione cut him off.
A sudden yelp told her she had done her job. Scooping the fire off him
match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest

without everyone watching. The hat seemed to be asking rather alot;
well, have a good term -- send me an owl when you get there."
move a muscle. Petrified, he watched as Quirrell reached up and began to
them. Hermione kept looking around. Everything looked so strange, somehow.
"Severus?" Quirrell laughed, and it wasn't his usual quivering treble,
shock. He'd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been
running toward them. He got to his feet, trembling.
fit the whole of the Dursleys' house in it. The stone walls were lit

"You can't blame them," said Dumbledore gently. "We've had precious
Snape that he didn't want to tell Hermione?
his stomach rumbling with hunger. Dudley's snores were drowned by the

eyes beneath her spectacles. Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a
corridors alone. Break a rule in front of her, put just one toe out of
But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it
close to Hermione's, "I'm warning you now, boy -- any funny business,
Hogwarts, fer cryin' out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yet parents
enough to drink something else -- something that will bring you back to
look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled

"... d-don't know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places,
to keep his voice calm.



ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.
get one. These were the books containing powerful Dark Magic never

"Fifty points each," said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily
"Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks
Hermione caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he

cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the Dursleys to get up. Two
turned it off quickly and dressed silently. He mustn't wake the


say if the Potters arrived in the street. The Dursleys knew that the
computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother.
tonight."
came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.
amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.
--"
several booming barks. Then Hagrid's voice rang out, saying, "Back, Fang
his freckles. They crammed their pockets with the last of the sweets and

"Er -- all right."
"This," said Wood, "is the Golden Snitch, and it's the most important
this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped
somewhere -- I wonder, now - - yes, why not -- unusual combination --
different ways of treating werewolf bites, Hermione and Ron were still
"It's obvious, isn't it?" said Ron. "We've got to play our way across
had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their

"Yeh don' know what yeh are?" he said finally.
A smarter hat than me.
Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.
a powerful magical substance, Mr. Potter. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix
Bludgers unless they crack my head open."

Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the

So teach us things worth knowing,
month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear Dudley's old


1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)
yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around
Remembrall I wouln't be on the team...."

"What about that tea then, eh?" he said, rubbing his hands together.


GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST
aconite. Well? Why aren't you all copying that down?"

sweating and shaking.
voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the
"Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy."
out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading."
didn't remember the dream at all.
"AAAAAAAAAARGH!"
dragon would be easy..."


"Come on," he said to Ron. He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady
He was in a very good mood. Obviously he thought nobody stood a chance
Parvati."
Get yer wands out an' practice now -- that's it -- an' if anyone gets in
creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. They could hear Filch
"Er -- yes, Hermione -- about this cupboard. Your aunt and I have been

spot.
"I'm going to show you what the Bludgers do," Wood said. "These two are
then walked away without a word. The weirdest thing about all these
she was about to faint. The troll was advancing on her, knocking the
overhead said Hogwarts Express, eleven O'clock. Hermione looked behind him


looking flushed and excited.

will learn at Hogwarts," she said. "Anyone messing around in my class

kept his eyes fixed on the door. Any second now, Professor McGonagall
smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was talking to the old




asked.
"He thinks this door is locked," Hermione whispered. "I think we'll be okay
collect them, don't you?"

dungeon. Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamus's cauldron into a
Hermione had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place. It was

bunny rabbit. When it bit me he told me off for frightening it. And when
DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.
hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding,
she had been wanting to say all this for years.

right to face Voldemort if I could...."

shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore's smiling face.
ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings."
billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Hermione noticed a shiny silver badge
he'd make you look good if he got it wrong, did you? That's another
whatever "everyone" was saying, she was not going to believe it until
high, unbroken, earsplitting note. He stumbled backward and knocked over
"What's your Quidditch team?" Ron asked.
Seeker. That's you. And you don't have to worry about the Quaffle or the


What good's that ter anyone? Yeh'll do summat useful or Yeh'll get out.

ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue
snake could hear him. "It must be really annoying."


furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the

telling him they'd be running around underneath him holding a mattress.

that? And (two minutes to go) what was that funny crunching noise? Was
and Hermione knew at once that Snape's feelings toward him hadn't changed

"Are you up yet?" she demanded.
he? I never saw his face, he kept his hood up."

"Nine and three-quarters."
one who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore.
One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood. The
famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours' time by Mrs.
great things from you, Mr. Potter.... After all, He-


where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other. Harry
expelled?" said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.
But that part of the plan didn't work. No sooner had they reached the


ninth floor. If he hadn't, he might have found it harder to concentrate
escape.

nodded. Ron turned to the other two.
quickly behind them.

"Don't mess with me, Peeves, now where did they go?"
"Anyway, we've got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he's found a new secret
yeah, Professor Snape."

twins.
Minerva McGonagall,
they were proud of having a witch in the family!"

"I won't blow up the house," said Hermione, but they weren't listening.
She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping
around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed
-- well, he didn't think he could bear it.
in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister, because her
their guilty faces caught Snape's eye. He limped over. He hadn't seen

"STUDENTS OUT OF BED!" Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE
"I feared I might be too late."

Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung


Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made furious

up? You told me they died in a car crash!"

bottles, globes of the moon....
famous place."



Hermione was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the
was sure he'd walked into a nightmare -- this was too much, on top of
The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind

and Harry walked back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn't come
In a low whisper, Hermione told them what he'd seen.
"They're not really frogs, are they?" He was starting to feel that
"Wingardium Leviosa!"
Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned

"B-b-but Severus, I --"

went.

"What!" Ron looked dumbfounded. "Oh, you wait, it's the best game in the
Madam Hooch was refereeing. She stood in the middle of the field waiting

this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the

either of them since the day Hermione's broomstick had arrived.
only just got out of the way in time; Hermione made a sharp about-face and
Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frogs. Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice
were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured
A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His face was almost
Bring back what we've forgot,

should be destined for this wand when its brother why, its brother gave



wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying Hagrid's bag.
starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that
facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved

Hagrid's chest swelled at these last words. Hermione and Ron beamed at

The brick he had touched quivered -- it wriggled -- in the middle, a
didn't even manage to bite Snape's leg off properly.
Hermione woke at five o'clock the next morning and was too excited and
Hermione, who was looking up "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical Herbs and
Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
Ronan pawed the ground nervously. "I'm sure Firenze thought he was

book, even though Hermione was still sure he'd read the name somewhere.
clicked it again -- the next lamp flickered into darkness. Twelve times
"You all right, Harry?" Hagrid whispered. "Don' worry, it can't've
take you down to both vaults. Griphook!"
done... all the people he's killed... he couldn't kill a little boy?
"All -- all three of us?"
you reckon's next?"
"Dudley -- go -- just go."
"How's your arm?" said Hermione.
"Now what?" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Hermione as though he'd
need to, of course, but one does miss it. I don't think I've in troduced
sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to
as Hermione, because they weren't as well-known, but nobody would speak to
There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide,
high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.
it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor. They had
Hermione didn't think there was anything wrong with not being able to



"Then kill him, fool, and be done!" screeched Voldemort.
stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and
racing bike was a mystery to Hermione, as Dudley was very fat and hated
into the shadows. "It' s them as should be sorry! I knew yeh weren't
open the yellow envelope.
that stood out, livid, on Hermione's forehead.

Compared with the Quaffle and the Bludgers, it was tiny, about the size




"But there aren't wild dragons in Britain?" said Hermione.
Their very last exam was History of Magic. One hour of answering
wide open. Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a
"New students!" said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them. "About to be
flashed furiously, "-- how dare you -- might have broken your neck --"
They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. Every now and then a
faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. They could hear the letters
glistening brown coils.
"The little bronze ones."
you've had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties
"A werewolf?" Hermione suggested.


video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and
the thing -- he tried to kill you, too. Wanted ter make a clean job of
notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan.


wait a moment -- was that the Snitch?"



they're watching the house?"
and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch -all the Chasers seemed to have
Bane kicked his back legs in anger.
There's nothing hidden in your head
could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right
hurtling up the tracks toward them. They climbed in -- Hagrid with some
now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too. For a few seconds, there
"You're only holding the Quidditch cup, what's interesting about that? I



Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His last, comforting
"You don't understand, Professor. Hermione Potter's coming -- he's got a
safe for him, because they're friends and he knew someone was after it,
The next chamber was so dark they couldn't see anything at all. But as
went in for breakfast. It seemed to be coming from a large metal tub in

Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off
Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth and last ball.

his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he


"Load of old tosh," said Uncle Vernon. Hermione jumped; he had almost
had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
Potter!"
on his cart, he broke into a heavy run -- the barrier was coming nearer
He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed to fill the whole hut.
Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face
"You mean he was there in the classroom with you?" Hermione gasped.
Hermione looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the

Albus Dumbled--"

As the snake slid swiftly past him, Hermione could have sworn a low,
fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.

"You've got to eat some breakfast."

Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to
tonight."
"Make yerselves at home," said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded


marble, was surprised. They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with
"Don' you worry, Hermione. You'll learn fast enough. Everyone starts at the

everything that had happened so far.
out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and
"Who?"
the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.
real pocket. Somehow -- incredibly -- he'd gotten the Stone.

the back of his seat to help.
"Get out of the way," he said. As Hermione moved aside, he felt the
the Snitch being caught so quickly.
"Throw it away and punch him on the nose," Ron suggested. "Excuse me."
It seemed to be a handsome, leather-covered book. Hermione opened it


"No, we're in a hurry. Hagrid, I've got to ask you something. You know

that night you won Norbert? What did the stranger you were playing cards

Easily the most boring class was History of Magic, which was the only

You'll make your real friends,
He gasped. So did the people around him. About twenty ghosts had just
There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the

with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one
wanted to use it alone.
muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had
"Oh, a fair few... Keep themselves to themselves mostly, but they're
breakfast the next day. They had just finished when the owner of the



He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth. Then he
they're really funny. Everyone expects me to do as well as the others,


squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Hermione at least, was Piers
But don't judge on what you see,
Lee was still commentating.


myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your service. Resident ghost
beneath them? Were there really shops that sold spell books and
ask him.
The ghosts didn't help, either. It was always a nasty shock when one of

"Nothing," Hermione lied. They stopped to buy parchment and quills. Hermione
At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall. Hagrid
"In the car crash when your parents died," she had said. "And don't ask

Hermione's heart gave a horrible jolt. A test? In front of the whole
Peeves cackled.
only way forward.

At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.


The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.
Your detention will take place at eleven o'clock tonight. Meet Mr. Filch
parchment.
dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didn't have much
any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life, which

chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open. Ron appeared out of

Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Hermione to keep his head bowed in case of
"I might get lucky again."
"I'm warning you, Malfoy -- one more word
a troublesome zombie, but they weren't sure they believed this story.
Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the
CHAPTER ONE
Hermione, "about what's guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy --"

hugging him. He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before.
Dumbledore. Hermione noticed that the other teachers' smiles had become
be nice if you moved into Dudley's second bedroom.

All the same, he'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that Snape had

"You!" said Ron furiously. "Go back to bed!"
many people wander around with dragon eggs if it's against wizard law?

And Ron pulled Hermione out of the room.



"I want to read that letter," he said loudly. want to read it," said
Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.
little shops. Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a

They had just passed a bend in the path when Harry grabbed Hagrid's
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.

who said 's' instead of 'f' and found himself on the floor with a
beech tree.
"All yours," smiled Hagrid.

across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor -
"I'd take you on anytime on my own," said Malfoy. "Tonight, if you want.
without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.
players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to
"What's his name again? Howard, isn't it?"
"He's coming now."
you can say 'Quidditch.' Come on, dear."

sorry."
common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the
Hermione clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next

"I do -- Father says it's a crime if I'm not picked to play for my
reached the top of the marble staircase, "If he hadn't stolen Neville's
don't use your eyes, any of you, do you?" she snapped. "Didn't you see
got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn't aff
At this, Harry stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon

Grunt. Hermione supposed that meant yes.

Hermione heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall. He took off
"Vernon," Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, "look at the
stern look. Was this normal cat behavior? Mr. Dursley wondered. Trying
along the table. These fantastic party favors were nothing like the
"Don't," Hermione advised her.

"Another year gone!" Dumbledore said cheerfully. "And I must trouble you
"We can only guess," said Dumbledore. "We may never know."
examine the unicorn. "You are safe now."
"Now, form a line," Professor McGonagall told the first years, "and
UNIFORM


"Good luck -- take care."
stop -- a high, petrified scream -- and it was coming from the chamber
A Very Merry Christmas to you.
thick. Hermione thought the blood seemed to be getting thicker. There were
(chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).

He was quite right, of course. There was a big plastic number nine over
When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice
we're not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That'll take a lot
"Peeves," he said, in a hoarse whisper, "the Bloody Baron has his own
walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the forest, until
to climb through the portrait hole was anyone's guess, because his legs
Hermione, Ron, and Harry didn't speak to each other at all until they
supposed, was the crash, though he couldn't imagine where all the green
The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron's eyes, but Harry
got slowly to his feet.
"You can see them any old time," said Ron. "Just come round my house
"Did you get it?" Ron asked as Hermione joined them. "What's the matter?"
"Neville, "Ron exploded, "get away from that hole and don't be an idiot
"Very nice," said Wood, his eyes glinting. "I see what McGonagall
"Flew," said Hagrid.
noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap
binoculars around his neck, "But it isn't the same as bein' in the
had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville had





said. "We don't want you attacked before you have to be."
rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as


"Good," said Hagrid. "There's a list there of everything yeh need."


He waved his wand, but nothing happened. Scabbers stayed gray and fast
Come on."
was to ward off a vampire he'd met in Romania and was afraid would be

"We've got lessons, we'll get into trouble, and that's nothing to what
became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded
boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.
"RUN!" Hermione yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not
human left in him to die. Some say he's still out there, bidin' his
Hermione waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found
crept toward the trapdoor. They could feel the dog's hot, smelly breath

"What's all th is noise.

There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide
from the Gryffindor table. Hermione, Ron, and Harry stood up to yell and

"Yeah," said Ron. He flopped back into his seat, looking depressed.
remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard. "Hagrid, he'd have
twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor,
careful -- let's go."
hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points



"Absolutely," said Professor McGonagall crisply. "The boy's a natural.
"Really? What happened to them?"
ago now, started lookin' fer followers. Got 'em, too -- some were
Quirrell, who was passing.
"What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?"
and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once. Perhaps they
hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you."
"Bet it's that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found
Hermione turned this news over in his mind. He was starting to get a
this or they'd have had it from him faster than blinking. How often had
He showed Hermione two identical balls, jet black and slightly smaller than
was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.
for some food.

Monday. This reminded Hermione of something. If it was Monday -- and you
the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were



"Don't leave me!" said Neville, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to

voice. "Were you going to shoot me?"
There they were. His mother and father beamed at the sight of him.
but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its
they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an
done, peering about nervously.



They were trapped.
outta the way. All anyone knows is, he turned up in the village where

taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win Gryffindor five

hills.
"Oh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He was fine while he was
they got near him, the broom would jump higher still. They dropped lower
him.

he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street

"Dad!" said Dudley suddenly. "Dad, Hermione's got something!"
holidays weren't nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones. It was hard

Hagrid grinned at Hermione.
"Students aren't supposed to know about the Sorcerer's Stone, after
them toppled right into a suit of armor.
yeah?" said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried.
then start to fall. He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down
know that Ron and Harry had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker
-- one o' the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job
answer... Yes, that's best... we won't do anything....
weren't going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time.

follow him if he leaves it. Harry, you'd better do that."
held in its beak.
"You want to be more careful," said Snape. "Hanging around
marble, which seemed to be full of white smoke.
"Well -- yeah -- how many three-headed dogs d'yeh meet, even around

his back on them, Hermione saw a curly pig's tail poking through a hole in

"Well, that's it then, isn't it?" Hermione said.
Wood's expression changed from puzzlement to delight.
Hermione unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn't noticed the night
last Wednesday. We're gonna try an' find the poor thing. We might have
that Lily and James Potter are -- are -- that they're -- dead. "

"No, thanks," said Hermione. "The poor toilet's never had anything as
him any second, but nothing happened. He reached the door untouched. He

up in the astronomy tower. It's one o'clock in the morning. Explain
Neville was trying to remember what he'd forgotten when Draco Malfoy,
of jealousy and spite on his face. "You'll be in for it this time,
"But the glass," he kept saying, "where did the glass go?"
touched.

Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time.

Dudley and Piers sniggered.
"Dinky Duddydums, don't cry, Mummy won't let him spoil your special
"No," she said sharply. "Why?"
wonder Snape's after it! Anyone would want it."
It winked.
experience.... They say he met vampires in the Black Forest, and there
Malkin stood Hermione on a stool next to him) slipped a long robe over his
really has gone, Dumbledore?"
"A Nimbus Two Thousand!" Ron moaned enviously. "I've never even touched

lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so

"It's tonight," said Hermione, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was
"It's not my fault," said Wood. "We've just got to make sure we play a
"All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which
right."
There was no mistaking that silver beard.
"Oh, I'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help," snarled
couldn't. He couldn't kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how,
"Hullo, Bane," said Hagrid. "All right?"
Meanwhile, in the locker room, Hermione and the rest of the team were
"How do you know --?" she spluttered.

it."

what it was standing on.
meant more to you than this. All three of you will receive detentions --



search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them

gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. Aunt Petunia burst

He had to start somewhere. Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor,
Hermione sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor's tank
Hermione, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them.
After taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each given a match


out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis


he passed.
-- get off, Neville!" For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of
It was Ginny Weasley, Ron's younger sister, but she wasn't pointing at
"It's obvious," said Ron. "You can pretend to be waiting for Professor
-- his father's cloak -- he felt that this time -- the first time -- he


earth was he going to do? He was starting to attract a lot of funny
afraid, some just wanted a bit o' his power, 'cause he was gettin'
thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. Potter, I thought Gryffindor
Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature
Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead
It was enough. Up in the air, Hermione was suddenly able to clamber back on
unicorn's dead, Hagrid, it's in that clearing back there."
--"

boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway.
what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is
Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some
finished."
cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it?"
He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of

more studying," Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass. "You
Norris, but they were lucky. They sped up a staircase to the third floor
"That seems to be in order."



Hermione took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr.
whether he dared tell her he'd heard the name "Potter." He decided he

at each other, they all said "Thanks," and hurried off to get plates.

Our heads could do with filling
But Harry had given Hermione something else to think about as he climbed
and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long
"I'm not hungry."

had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.
"Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can't tell you, Diggle's the name, Dedalus

His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and
Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.
before his eyes.


wants to keep it a secret."

"Ten weeks," Harry snapped. "That's not ages, that's like a second to
"Well done," said George in a low voice. "Wood told us. We're on the

point you've lost for Gryffindor."



"The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and
knew. Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble
widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown.
Neville's toad zoom around the classroom. Professor Flitwick put the

hall full of people craning to get a good look at him. Next second he


acting for the best, " he said in his gloomy voice.
"You let Professor Dumbledore in..."

He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at Ron
bike back. G'night, Professor McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore, sir."
his lamp, which went out at once. Panicking, he heard footsteps coming
"Do you want to stop Snape or not?"
bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut. The
throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid whooped and
fierce joy he realized he'd found something he could do without being
"I do feel so sorry," said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, "for all
the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very
It happened very suddenly. The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell's

pile of homework the day before.


"So -- yeh wanted to ask me somethin'?"
Neville stared at their guilty faces.
"What is it?" asked Percy.
long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room.
Professor McGonagall Hermione had forgotten they still had detentions to do

She held up a letter so they could read the green ink address:
and should therefore be treated with great caution. However, I shall
"So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone," Hermione
told me she liked my new earmuffs."

"Sorry," he said, "but have you seen a toad at all?"
question. She was staring at her slippers, as still as a statue.
bobbing away in the darkness.


into the Great Hall.
"But there are hundreds of them!"

"Dunno what Hermione thinks he's doing," Hagrid mumbled. He stared through
Potters? If it did... if it got out that they were related to a pair of
plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat.
It was a while before any of them said anything. Neville, indeed, looked
pulled on his bathrobe.

Charlie.
around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood
full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.

But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being with

calm him down, jus' play him a bit o' music an' he'll go straight off
"Mommy will never forget you!"
Madam Hooch. "Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come
as he worked, and jumped at small noises.
This didn't have quite the effect she'd expected.
Hermione's face. Hermione swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking
Hermione safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good -- every time
flyin' over Bristol."

"Brilliant, Hermione!" whispered Ron.
a cup of tea with me around three?
front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out
him, telling him he must transfer to Slytherin at once, because it was
compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils,
their younger sister began to cry.

Draco Malfoy didn't go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale
Hermione any more, after all. This was the first night he hadn't been upset

in the long, thin package he had brought with them.
lips."
side from the Bludgers and try and knock them toward the other team. So

life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.
"Someone was lookin' through the gap in the curtains -- it's a kid --
At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a
The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws
"This ball's called the Quaffle," said Wood. "The Chasers throw the
"Where did you get it, Hagrid?" said Ron, crouching over the fire to get


"This is it," said Hagrid, coming to a halt, "the Leaky Cauldron. It's a
"Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia.



grin through the gap in his mother's arms.
to Hermione, made Dudley go and get it. They heard him banging things with
"It's not poison?" said Hermione anxiously.
"Mad?" said Percy airily. "He's a genius! Best wizard in the world! But

feeble Muggle ones the Dursleys usually bought, with their little

them glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open. Nearly
plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside. Hermione pulled a wizard
bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.
them."
The egg was lying on the table. There were deep cracks in it. Something
book had screamed -- for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but
"Well -- no," Ron admitted.

At these words, Harry seized Hagrid's binoculars, but instead of
Where should he go? He stopped, his heart racing, and thought. And then
shoulders and ran to the mirror.
get that with the Muggles -- someone tried to rob a high security

second, Hermione had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the
either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the house championship was
enchantments!" she stormed. "Enough of this nonsense! If I hear you 've

towering oak. He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into his crossbow,

heard voices. He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering


"Yes," said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the
with the wrong sort. I can help you there."
anything new, either, with five brothers. I've got Bill's old robes,
letter just like that and disappeared off to that-that school-and came
as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild - long
from Harry.

complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Hermione was on Wood's
managed to make himself heard over the babble.
-- wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people
Pomfrey..."
"You shouldn't be inside on a day like this," he said, with an odd,

thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little
"Not to worry," she said. "All you have to do is walk straight at the
Gryffindor can't play at all."

he'll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the house
smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.


one of the doors leading off the hall.
for the counter.
Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup
Fungi, didn't look up until he heard Ron say, "Hagrid! What are you
house points the next day thought there'd been a mistake. How could they
Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;
in years. We're going to win. I know it."





It was as Hermione dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously
from under his pillow. "Got this outta the library -- Dragon Breeding
clearly than he had ever remembered it before -- and he remembered

carefully over the rope that separated these books from the rest of the
onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose
It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was such a warm day, there


to Hannah.
them... it'll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win."
The three of them put their heads together to read the note.
called "Who is it?" before he let them in, and then shut the door
wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of


was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He had had it as long as he could

Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had


"You're in luck, Weasley, Potter's obviously spotted some money on the
"Destroyed?" said Hermione blankly. "But your friend -- Nicolas Flamel --"
had just read him.


know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and
"Double Potions with the Slytherins," said Ron. "Snape's Head of

points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and
doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Hermione in the lead,
they sped off toward land.

secret? I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes,
But he hadn't walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though


does."



he'd be about Dudley's age now, wouldn't he?"
It was only then that Hermione realized what was standing behind Quirrell.
bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to
the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here -- listen
Ron went speeding in the direction that Hermione was pointing, crashed into
by it. Harry was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come
"All what?" asked Hermione.


it had given him a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a
"Ye' all get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid called over
sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.
And Hermione knew it would be no good to argue.
front of the mirror, and opened them again.
Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.
legend -- I wouldn't be surprised if today was known as Hermione Potter day

in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly,
spoke. "They say there's dragons guardin' the highsecurity vaults. And
"You've already seen him, Ginny, and the poor boy isn't something you
great tufts out of his mustache at the same time. I want you all back
"Jordan!" growled Professor McGonagall.
"But why couldn't Quirrell touch me?"
In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on
what is to come in the movements of the planets?"

Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.
championship this year? Gryffindors have never gone so long without

three-quarters. The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Hermione
Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell's lessons turned out to be a bit of
"Do you think they'll attack us if we cross the room?" said Ron.
"Firenze!" Bane thundered. "What are you doing? You have a human on your
with silver blood. He was right next to Malfoy who, Hermione was pleased to
A voice echoed through the train: "We will be reaching Hogwarts in five
who lived!"
he flew off through the open window.
into darkness. Ahead, Hermione could see the lighted windows of Hagrid's
Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion
flopped under a tree. The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the
Don't ask questions -- that was the first rule for a quiet life with the

hands.
wouldn't have lost so badly if Percy hadn't tried to help him so much.

wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of

at two large ice creams to show he couldn't come in.
Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd,
Hermione wished they wouldn't, because he was trying to concentrate on
what you're doing."
mad...."
Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging
"... and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about be ing a

minutes later, he and Hermione were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf
But Hagrid wasn't listening. He was humming merrily as he stoked the

always the ones who get clobbered by the other team."
Investigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July,
"Say you're ill," said Ron.
"I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks."
Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,
Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course. Malfoy's eagle owl was


"Hurry up, boy!" shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen. "What are you
hardly cared -- all they wanted to do was put as much space as possible
afternoon. Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside


-- it couldn't affect them....
from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.
broom was behaving strangely. It was carrying- him slowly higher, away
even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price. You have
usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere,
"But Hermione -- what if You-Know-Who's with him?"
"Brilliant," said Harry. "This isn't magic -- it's logic -- a puzzle.
Hagrid, who caught his eye and gave him the thumbs up. Hermione grinned

it all. "And they play with the Quaffle. Okay, got that. So what are

"Five," said Ron. For some reason, he was looking gloomy. "I'm the sixth
dark and silence. He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and Filch


mistake and he'd better get back on the train?

"You want to watch out for Peeves," said Percy, as they set off again.
had so many questions in his life.
learned it all?"

"Will you stop messing around!" he yelled. "That's exactly the sort of
Hermione and Ron thought.

the team a bit of bad news. He'd just gotten very angry with the
Hermione and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch "that old git."
want --"
"Nothing," said Hermione. He felt very strange. Who had sent the cloak? Had

According to the large clock over the arrivals board, he had ten minutes

busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his
"How's yer brother Charlie?" Hagrid asked Ron. "I liked him a lot --

Hermione scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon
send me an owl if you find anything."
Gringotts. Hermione didn't know where to run first now that he had a bag
while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Hermione
going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for
"Am I?" said Hermione, feeling dazed.
reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.
need a little change of decoration."
Of what awaits the sin of greed,

couldn't even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to


hand.
window and peered down into the front garden. The cat was still there.
They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound.
"I'm half-and-half," said Seamus. "Me dad's a Muggle. Mom didn't tell

their way through the trees in silence for so long that Hermione thought
wizard."


"All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face.
about anything acting in a way it shouldn't, no matter if it was in a
"Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow," she said finally. I don't
dropped.
keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the room. Hermione took

study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer's Stone, a
a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.
"Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood -- I've found you a Seeker."

a Nimbus Two Thousand."
wished he could forget what he'd seen in the mirror as easily, but he
guarding something."
Body-Bind Curse put on him.


letters when they got back that he'd be able to steal one somehow.
A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again,

Percy was in his element.
invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk. Hermione
Hermione had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley,
At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages. Hermione
Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things -- terrible, yes, but great."
daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Neville."
should have seen their faces when I got in here -- they thought I might
Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they
Hermione away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and
Hermione had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in
just do your best, we'll do the rest,
-- next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball

"Honestly, Harry, you think all teachers are saints or something,"
-- back."

"What's that?" said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Hermione's
"Hermione, relax, Harry's right, the Stone's safe as long as
let it fall open.
He blinked. It wasn't the Snitch at all. It was a pair of glasses. How
back into its deep sleep.
lose it as quick as I could. Mind you, I brought Scabbers, so I can't
he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on


with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.
sure it is -- try it on."


vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.
Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Hermione's heart gave a leap. Every
"Move along now," said a sharp voice. "The Sorting Ceremony's about to
first."


circling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters
when he was here."

"I start training next week," said Hermione. "Only don't tell anyone, Wood
" Great food, isn't it?" Ron muttered to Hermione through the hangings.
"Lucky this plant thing's here, really," said Ron.
"But that means he and his wife will die, won't they?"
"Library books are not to be taken outside the school," said Snape.
"First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to
"A minute --"
Hermione was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him

Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall's study on the first floor,

later. Filch knew the secret passageways of the school better than

"D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts," muttered Professor Quirrell, as
night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I
twins.
school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven years there and he
countryside on his broomstick. Even Ron would tell anyone who'd listen

complain about things: people at work, Hermione, the council, Hermione, the
"Yes," said Hermione. He was looking at the other boys. Both of them were
be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door.
silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and
who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?"

have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name:
he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he

"Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here

"Why are you going to London?" Hermione asked, trying to keep things
ground.
Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!"
"It is! Look down!"
are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around. You know what
the story started to spread: Hermione Potter, the famous Hermione Potter,

learn that even people like Ron didn't have much of a head start.

opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door.


Five minutes later, Ron and Harry joined him, shaking their heads.
"Dumbledore -- you can't. I've been watching them all day. You couldn't
Hermione couldn't make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering

"Anyone sitting there?" he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Hermione.

in our first week. See you."
about even if they wouldn't work.
only Harry Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor
now. You will know, one day... put it from your mind for now, Hermione.
"Let me see it!" demanded Dudley.
first-year rule. Heaven knows, we need a better team than last year.
potionmaking," he began. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but
stone steps toward him. The goblin was about a head shorter than Hermione.
"Mom -- geroff" He wriggled free.
Malfoy couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Hermione and Ron were
only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over

happier. He'd really done something to be proud of now -- no one could
mean, they're like a pair of human Bludgers themselves."
Sometimes, Hermione noticed, the hat shouted out the house at once, but at


Teach us something please,


Hermione swallowed.
longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask.
"You've got to stand up to him, Neville!" said Ron. "He's used to
"You knew?" said Hermione. "You knew I'm a -- a wizard?"
"I don't care if Malfoy has, but if something's got Neville... it's our
"What if he's --?"


Wands, and a number of other strange things Hermione had never seen in his

Hermione and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball

forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a
this time. He grunted and offered him another rock cake. Hermione read the
good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny
"He remembers!" cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone. "Did
along corridors with Hermione trotting miserably behind her. Maybe she was
up a tree?"
don't suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put me in
read upside down:
thing that'll lose us the match! Snape's refereeing this time, and he'll

of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?"
all. In fact, Hermione had the most peculiar feeling that only he and



"I -- don't -- want said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater


low-hanging branches, but did not answer Hermione's question. They made
and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Hermione in his cupboard, force him to do



glowing coals.

Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it
busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something. But he did seem to
"Which way did they go, Peeves?" Filch was saying. "Quick, tell me."
full of money. He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a

Petunia frantically -- and a moment later, Dudley's best friend, Piers
McGonagall's hand, with a horrible, forced smile. He caught Hermione's eye
"NOF Hermione and Harry shouted.
"Who's there?" squawked the Fat Lady. Hermione said nothing. He walked
As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw --
almost there -- and then, quite suddenly, he wasn't anywhere.
He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he
wouldn't hear of it.
"Hermione Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used -for?"

of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms -- Hermione could see
angry voice from just behind them. Harry was stomping up the stairs,
"Yeh don' know... yeh don' know..." Hagrid ran his fingers through his
when you're on the train home tomorrow, you're so --"
They walked on through the dense, dark trees. Hermione kept looking

to school with that ridiculous haircut, he'd managed to make it grow

Hermione suddenly turned to Ron. Charlie, he said.

"I've seen you before!" said Hermione, as Dedalus Diggle's top hat fell off
became clear to me that the place I should be was the one I had just
bit politer you'll go the same way as your parents. They didn't know
and packages onto their laps.


"Yeah, but I was meanin' anythin' unusual a bit nearer home, said
"Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not
"How did you get here?" Hermione asked, looking around for another boat.

throat and made a choking noise.
A Beginners' Guide to Transfiguration by Emetic Switch
Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.
that's the pub down in the village. Mighta bin a dragon dealer, mightn'
Hermione learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a
Dear Professor Dumbledore,
could happen to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by
"...for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I
They fell backward -- Hermione slammed the door shut, and they ran, they


his wand when they heard someone speak -and it wasn't Malfoy.
championship.
Now, listen to me, all three of yeh -- yer meddlin' in things that don'
Slytherin."

pieces as they had lost black ones.

around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with
Ron dived, Harry rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Hermione
restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker
They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black
Just in case.
the Christmas decorations.
"I never thought to look in here!" she whispered excitedly. "I got this


drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did
Hermione felt restless. He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages back, to take

"Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here!
Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Hermione.
breath.
The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt


tackling a mountain troll on your own?"
"How often do you check to see if anyone's inside?" Hermione asked.
"What?"


"N-nothing."

"Hermione, where have you been?" Harry squeaked.
"So what on earths Hagrid up to?" said Harry.


"What?"
"Don't play," said Harry at once.
Hagrid, however, was on Dean's side.
Hermione shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor
one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across

want a bet? What about you, Weasley?"
Hermione jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off. Gliding
then he told them what he'd seen and heard.
"Yes," said Hermione. There was no point beating around the bush. "We were
that Hermione had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind. After a
Hermione's plate. Hermione tore it open at once. It said, in a very untidy
black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.
"I'm sorry, Hermione!" she wailed. "Snape came out and asked me what I was
on all fours -- coughed -- and something gold fell into his hand.

Harry, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer's Stone. She
"D'you think that was a centaur we heard earlier?" said Hermione.
The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass. Hermione

"I don't know, sit." "Thought you wouldn't open a book before coming,

year, Hermione was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two
the air, turned slowly over -- and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto
"Nothing, nothing..."
walked.
I want to go to the feast," he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened


name Albus Dumbledore.
It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. The
hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since
touch, which turned out to be pepper.
coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was
eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns;
tallest tower.
"What? My -- my mom and dad weren't famous, were they?"

"So what is Quidditch?"
"Taking Dudley to the hospital," growled Uncle Vernon. "Got to have that
Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say
dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor found out what
mind.

held the broom steady. A few people below were clapping.
"If you want to go back, I won't blame you," he said. "You can take the
few hours -- but the expression on Snape's face when Hermione had seen his
up you get.".
in the furor over the points they'd lost. He half expected Harry to
Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog

a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls


hissing voice said, "Brazil, here I come.... Thanksss, amigo."
"No!" shouted Harry Granger. "Madam Hooch told us not to move --
"Couldn't make us a cup o' tea, could yeh? It's not been an easy
umbrella very tightly as he spoke.
its moons.
"Look there," said Hagrid, "see that stuff shinin' on the ground?

danger. He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white


understand, it is love. He didn't realize that love as powerful as your

"Potter's been sent a broomstick, Professor," said Malfoy quickly.
Hermione couldn't eat. He had seen his parents and would be seeing them
the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung
"Do it again," Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly
Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.
corner of his eye he saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing

"How do you know about Fluffy?" he said.
he decided ter kill 'em, no one except you, an' he'd killed some o' the
Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had
watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley,
"I am -- I'm wearing the badge like Bill used to -- and I'm holding the



realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat,
the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.
"Nothing," said Hermione.



root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?"
could not touch you for this reason. It was agony to touch a person
circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he

my books so he could come and have a good laugh at me. He kept
"I'll be back at dawn," said Filch, "for what's left of them," he added


Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of
not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as possible toward the
damage. I bet he expected you to refuse, anyway."
always bringing him packages of sweets from home, which he opened
HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY
How very wrong he was.

from every page were his mother and father.
"Yes..." said Ron softly, "It's the only way... I've got to be taken."
Behind the white pieces they could see another door.
letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each
Then she changed her desk into a pig and back again. They were all very

other darkly.
eyes looked straight through him, and Hermione slipped under Filch's
"Oh, all right," he snapped. "But Percy'd better not see us."
"One speed only," said Griphook.
room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had


you'll crash into it, that's very important. Best do it at a bit of a
the hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffindor table. He was so

"Of course not," said Harry briskly. "How do you think you'd get to
WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint
on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.


It's really very selfish of you."
with sneaking around and spying. He felt so ashamed of himself that he
with them.
Which was all very well, thought Hermione, but he had another reason for
I'll eat myself if you can find

they for?" He pointed at the three balls left inside the box.
"Well, my gran brought me up and she's a witch," said Neville, "but the
have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone,
When Hermione finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of
stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.
"He's gone?" said Hermione frantically. "Now?"


over at that moment and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep.
you know everything that goes on round here," said Harry in a warm,

Hermione got to his feet. He was shaking and out of breath. Ron was
you, we did save her."

He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.
coming back to get him one of these days. His turban, he told them, had

spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and
Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another
looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Hermione couldn't keep
But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.
scrawled across it was To Hermione, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut


forest's full of dangerous beasts, everyone knows that. I do think he
through it -- Neville needed a leg up -- and found themselves in the


put the cat out of his mind. As he drove toward town he thought of


"I'd like to see your mom and dad," Ron said eagerly.

When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville.
-- I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on
children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.
"It must wake up the moment you stop playing," said Hermione. "Well, here

Like everything else he owned, it had once belonged to someone else in
candles in the pumpkins stutter. The feast appeared suddenly on the
arms around him.
wouldn't budge, not even when Harry tried her Alohomora charm.
Ron's Charms homework for them. She would never let them copy ("How will
he is?"
the other two squinted up at the flock of keys. "... yes -- look!

"We won! You won! We won!" shouted Ron, thumping Hermione on the back. "And
them in the doorway. It wasn't ordinary fire either; it was purple. At
you was all living, on Halloween ten years ago. You was just a year old.
they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.
arriving at Hagrid's hut because they'd had to wait for Peeves to get
like lead again, but only because he was so tired and full of food. He
Snape bent over the troll. Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and
"You can't!" said Harry. "After what McGonagall and Snape have said?
"I'll get him," said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, "one of
The Sea. He pulled out the letter and read:
the car, and off they went again. The same thing happened in the middle
clapped her hands.
with raised eyebrows. Harry Granger was on the edge of her seat and
"The keys in the lock," Hermione muttered. "We could lock it in."

Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.
later the desserts appeared. Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you
A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot




any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results --
kill you. Makes yeh even more famous. That's the biggest myst'ry, see...


anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard

He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced. She struck Ron hard
traveled around the world. A foolish young man I was then, full of
"What's he doing?" Hermione whispered. "Why isn't he down in the dungeons
and Harry didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Hermione. The idea

scrawl:
motorcycle overtook them.
Hermione watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn't look at him again.
looked like a large rock way out at sea. Perched on top of the rock was
Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a
He knocked again. Nothing.

Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags
"We know Oliver's speech by heart," Fred told Hermione, "we were on the

Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Hermione's new
broomstick, Potter?"
anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like
thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd

They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the
deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could
Didn't dare try takin' the school, not jus' then, anyway.
and Hermione was relieved to see that he was smiling.
Hermione left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor. He
"There's only enough there for one of us," he said. "That's hardly one
He glared at them all as if to say, "Or else."

back and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a
"This is Ron," Hermione told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a
He shook his head and then, to Hermione's relief, spotted Hagrid.

"Sir?" said Hermione. "I've been thinking... sir -- even if the Stone's
down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on
look again. There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet

later --"
wrong for years.

head. "D'yeh think yer parents didn't leave yeh anything?"


died in vain."
"I knew it, " he murmured. "There's summat in here that shouldn' be."

large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.
opened it excitedly and showed them a glass ball the size of a large
They hadn't even reached the end of the corridor when Harry caught up
"I'm coming with you," she said.
Hermione and Harry rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day

"Get out, both of you," croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back
Muggle world except in very special circumstances," said Hagrid. "An'
the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free

Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march.
with cheers; Hermione could see Ron's twin brothers catcalling.

my eyes I'll be at home in my cupboard."
"Let's go."

Ronan, you two. He's a centaur.))
"Go away." "All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said



say, "Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meals," before he collapsed into a

Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to
wanted you dead."
"Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," she said.

They looked at each other.
without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped
a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and
this evening, then you'll be joining team practice three times a week."

Hermione saw that Hagrid looked very worried.
and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Hermione, Ron,

"Goblins?"
buildings. But all he'd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon

yours?"
next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. In fact, it was nearly
CHAPTER FOUR
"Very," said Hermione. "Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs.
He suspected me all along. Tried to frighten me - as though he could,
become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.

home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups
Hagrid's big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.
railway tracks on the floor. Griphook whistled and a small cart came
Indeed, by the next morning Hermione and Ron thought that meeting the


"Which one will get you back through the purple flames?"
the midst of the cloud of keys. They grabbed and snatched, but the
photos... knew yeh didn' have any... d'yeh like it?"

None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.
He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier. It looked very
Hermione knew Ron and Harry were thinking the same as he was. If Snape

shadows. It was a very funny feeling.
"We must be miles under the school , she said.

Hermione watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the

had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The

Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class. "It's no wonder no
invisible -- forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir."
Hermione went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question. Neville
"You're right Hermione," said Harry in a small voice.
Hermione Potter." It wasn't a question. "You have your mother's eyes. It
face-to-face. He couldn't miss it.


"That's really nice of her," said Hermione, trying the fudge, which was
Hagrid
tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," Hagrid growled. "Copyin' lines!
blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside
"Well, that's something," Hermione muttered to the others. "Hagrid, can we

them, either. Harry had stopped drawing attention to herself in

"It's Hedwig!" said Hermione, hurrying to let her in. "She'll have
"That's mine!" said Hermione, trying to snatch it back.
prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say.


gave him a small smile. Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than
staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors. UP another
lesson, the three of them dropped their trowels at once and hurried

words in languages Hermione couldn't understand. Some had no title at all.
on the wall next to the cat. He didn't look at it, but after a moment he

"I'm sayin' nothin, said Hagrid flatly.
wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket
us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with Snape, and the
enjoy the sunshine."
"Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Ron.
his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.
crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.
clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, "Oh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very
Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a
able to tell them, but they couldn't risk Snape hearing what they were
looking disapprovingly at the package in Hermione's hand.
(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme
"All right there, Hermione?" he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger



"Come on, Hermione!" Harry screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
and circled beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell.
"No," he said finally. "No, we'll ignore it. If they don't get an

thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were


Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped.
entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Hermione
on Dudley's computer).
good enough about turnin' up if ever I want a word. They're deep, mind,
led the way to the broken-down house.
punishments die out... hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a
didn't soothe Ron at all. On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke

opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.
lit by thousands and thousands of candles that were floating in midair
reminding of that on his first day at school."
isn't more. Move along, all of you."
Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.

it's hidden! But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what I'm up
It was Quidditch Through the Ages. Hermione showed him.
seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first wand. Ten
the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheer ful chatter of

he didn't want to walk into the station in his wizard's robes -- he'd
hundreds of candles.
be --?"
back. No, I've got Morgana again and I've got about six of her... do you
"He's gone!"
"Horrible -well, not all of them. My aunt and uncle and cousin are,
McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.
A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. It grew

in a heap. His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and

threatening to tell her what really bit me -- I've told her it was a
remember at all, wondering where the letter writer was now.
hand on Hermione's shoulder and making Hermione's knees buckle.
was about two inches long, they didn't have much chance of guessing what

them all forward.
"I get that all the time.

"Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?"


stepped carefully over one of its massive legs. "Come on, I can't
street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was
Hermione turned around -- and saw, quite clearly, what. For a moment, he
were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.



The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. They went to bed
Harry had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and

sparks at each other. Neither of you knows enough magic to do any real
"Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?"
PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN
he fell over on his way to the stool. The hat took a long time to decide
with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic -- no kid could do that to
when he was trying to take over? There won't be any Hogwarts to get
Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Harry and
die."
The minutes dragged by. Their ears seemed sharper than usual. Hermione's

guarding, it's a Sorcerer's St --"
He saw his reflection, pale and scared-looking at first. But a moment
"Oh yeah, you're right," said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor
Alley -how could he have been so stupid? He'd seen Quirrell there that
the Ages. Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for
Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their
"That's what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that -- what was it? -- 'to
to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?"
We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle
except, it seemed, Quirrell's spell and how to get past Fluffy.

anything about magic at all. How can they expect great things? I'm
Let's see... yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an' we could play
be sorted," she said. "Abbott, Hannah!"
Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right
believe it when he realized that he'd already been at Hogwarts two
"The big one," said Fred Weasley.
corridor and disappeared from view.
as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach."
THE MAN WITH TWO FACES

"Bleaaargh -- see? Sprouts."

"Granger, Harry!"

howls of horror.
"It's -- all -- my -- ruddy -- fault!" he sobbed, his face in his hands.
Uncle Vernon, "swore we'd stamp it out of him! Wizard indeed!"

walls. "Little tyke," chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house. He got
on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. It was sitting as


"Yes," said Hermione.
Slytherins.
Magical Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. And



"UPF everyone shouted.

sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the

he had gone -- but how had he done it?

"I can only see you."
goblins were showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Hermione made

"None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing! You
every morning, askin' fer advice."

almost impossible for him to hang on much longer. The whole crowd was on
Hagrid was watching him sadly.
the front door. He laid Hermione gently on the doorstep, took a letter out
finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn't fit
"What've you done to him?" Hermione whispered.
Dudley mixing with a child like that.
tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me wand in half an'

happened when Vol-, sorry -- I mean, the night my parents died."
blood has strengthened me, these past weeks... you saw faithful Quirrell
think I still got a couple o' dormice in one o' the pockets."
Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk

hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it
the back of the Dursleys' car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the

Hermione felt as though his insides had turned to ice. He looked behind
horrible as your head down it -- it might be sick." Then he ran, before
James Potter? It's an outrage! A scandal! Hermione Potter not knowin' his
running off, now, it'll be worse for you if you do."
Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, looking disapproving. He

CHAPTER SEVEN
stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville
where the moonlight caught them. Cups, shields, plates, and statues
like?"
delicious feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a
outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your
lesson. It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their

yes, that would be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr.

"GO!"
turned and left.
Hagrid helped Hermione pile some of it into a bag.


you learn?"), but by asking her to read it through, they got the right
"Firenze saved me, but he shouldn't have done so.... Bane was furious...
wandering around at night, and somebody's been in the library Restricted
looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. He
"Then who does? Sir, I --"
Hermione stared. Then he looked quickly around to see if anyone was

nervously. "Er -- Petunia, dear -- you haven't heard from your sister
Professor McGonagall's voice trembled as she went on. "That's not all.
thrashing around in pain close by. Hermione could see a clearing ahead,


Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the
very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Harry in a
Hermione's mind was racing.

and she didn't seem quite as fond of them as before. She let Hermione watch
"You are the Potter boy," he said. "You had better get back to Hagrid.
words.

"That's Hagrid," said Hermione, pleased to know something the boy didn't.
putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had
"Oh, Mom, can I go on the train and see him, Mom, eh please...."
he could say something a bit more interesting.

high windows. At every turn Hermione expected to run into Filch or Mrs.
"I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all
nervous, that's Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, but he doesn't want
Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Hermione had
everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case
sat down on the bed and stared around him. Nearly everything in here was
forbidden corridor on the third floor. And now they knew why it was

The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and
But what they were, they didn't find out. Harry had turned to the
And now there were only three people left to be sorted. "Thomas, Dean,"

"Get off, Scabbers! He's chewing my sheets."
"Shut up, both of you!" said Hermione sharply. I heard something."
"Now what?" said Ron.

Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they
"Say that again," Ron said, his face as red as his hair.
anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous. You should see the burns
with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!"
another one and Hermione was allowed to finish the first.

--"
Neville?"

"Sorry," he said. "But it's that sad -- knew yer mum an' dad, an' nicer

Hermione and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn't new to them.
Suddenly, Hermione felt wide-awake. The whole of Hogwarts was open to him
in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he

front of the mirror. There was nothing to stop him from staying here all
giving me books."
he could have it.
to?

Ron, and Harry moved closer together to block the fire from view;
"B-but I d-d-don't --"
He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his
of blankets.
decide which to ask first. After a few minutes he stammered, "What does

They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn't

Curse. They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were
Harry had managed to get to her feet at last.
"Are all your family wizards?" asked Hermione, who found Ron just as


"Merry Christmas!"
they glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing
me for mercy..."
"What are you talking about?" said Ron, but Hermione, sprinting across the
shoulder -- but still, no one was there. Or were they all invisible,
"I don't want anything."
escape the straps holding them inside the box.
Malfoy. And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive."

had always been able to kick him around like a football?
"Go on, have a pasty," said Hermione, who had never had anything to share


quick --"
He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.


and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to



His heart sank faster than he'd just dived. Professor McGonagall was
side. If they won their next match, against Hufflepuff, they would
"Hagrid -- what's that?"
"I'm not having one in the house, Petunia! Didn't we swear when we took
added in a whisper to Hermione, "but he'll have a harder time frightenin'
you just see?"
being stupid. Potter wasn't such an unusual name. He was sure there were
"Ah, Hagrid, the last tree -- put it in the far corner, would you?"

strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured
He blinked again. The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view
Harry?"
isn't he? I mean, he hasn't gone, has he?"

"Go on then, try and hit me!" said Neville, raising his fists. "I'm
door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the
fading now that there was no sound of Filch and Snape, Hermione moved


Hermione, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his

For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell's face.
And I can cap them all.
"Not if you don't give us away, Peeves, please."
wouldn' say no teh a bit o' yer birthday cake, neither."
But he wished he hadn't said anything. If there was one thing the
Hermione, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of
"Don't talk rubbish," said Uncle Vernon. "There is no platform nine and


you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?"
The lock clicked and the door swung open -- they piled through it, shut

"What did you say?" his aunt snapped through the door.
"Anyway -- Hermione," said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, "a


"What's up?" said Hagrid.
Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore's chair, slumped
shelf, he ran for it. He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild
"Ready?" Hermione asked the other two, his hand on the door handle. They
them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped
"Never," said Hagrid irritably, "try an' get a straight answer out of a
as if Norbert's fangs were poisonous.
the end of Professor Dumbledore's wand to bring silence.
these days, I'll get him --"

"Most of us reckon he's still out there somewhere but lost his powers.

"Don't worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers -- I

"No one. it was addressed to you by mistake," said Uncle Vernon shortly.
Hermione, Ron, and Harry looked at one another, wondering what to tell
and see himself exactly as he is. Does that help?"
time," he added quickly, "you know, with five of us."

while Hermione and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a
continued. Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a
taking him to Dumbledore. He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to


The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on. Hermione
steep, narrow path. It was so dark on either side of them that Hermione
Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)
George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him. Harry, who had all her
There was an uproar. It took several purple firecrackers exploding from

steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people. A sign
"Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch," Wood had
once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Hermione's scar; his head felt as
portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and found herself facing an
Harry ignored him and spoke to Hermione.



Snape wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.
Something very painful was going on in Hermione's mind. As Hagrid's story

around in his seat and yelled at Hermione, his face like a gigantic beet
"Three Chasers, one Keeper," said Hermione, who was determined to remember
send me there, can't you see his knight? Send him, we can afford to lose

That third night he found his way more quickly than before. He was


"Out! OUT!"
look of horror on Malfoy's face. "And it's really thanks to Malfoy here


didn't meet anyone.


Harry's eyes were wide.
mother had just taken out her handkerchief.


stuff from the kitchens."

referee your next match? He was trying to make sure I didn't do it
Harry would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was
"True, I haven't introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and
calming down enough to say, "Hermione was talking to it, weren't you,


"You do it, then, if you're so clever," Ron snarled.


Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with
"So we've just got to try on the hat!" Ron whispered to Hermione. "I'll


oaf? Well, think again, boy -- it's into the forest you're going and I'm

"Oh, no, sit," said Hagrid quickly. Hermione noticed he gripped his pink
before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they
tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands
A magic wand... this was what Hermione had been really looking forward to.

Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, "Send him off, ref! Red
sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was

all, and his marks weren't bad.
"Everyone thinks I'm special," he said at last. "All those people in the
anyone (except perhaps the Weasley twins) and could pop up as suddenly
able to get it, otherwise they'd just see themselves making gold or

that.
the plant wound around them.



was snoring loudly, but Hermione couldn't sleep. He tried to empty his mind
was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly
She sat down. Ron looked taken aback.
corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said,
Quirrell cursed again.

they learn quick enough."
he'd seen earlier. The ghost patted his arm, giving Hermione the sudden,
the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor



"Was it nice there?"

stopped.
into the air and off into the night.
"Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,


the great castle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed nearer
good-bye to Norbert if they hadn't been so worried about what they had
what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don' want no one takin' risks. Follow
his voice, "Peeves -- show yourself"

teeth on a silver sickle embedded in his slice. Hermione watched Hagrid
told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Harry screamed out loud.
I can't handle."
Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them
entering!"
six hundred and sixty-five, is he?"
Hermione couldn't believe anyone could be so interfering.

"You think it -- wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as



were going. Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and

bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and


work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming

Hermione stood up.

he said, "Sir, there are some other things I'd like to know, if you can
the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.
yeh, Ronan, 'cause there's a unicorn bin hurt -- you seen anythin'?"

were bound to notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent -- I'll bet
He held out an enormous hand and shook Hermione's whole arm.
couldn't speak. Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.
"You sound like Harry."


Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- Flint flying
Hermione was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his
first."

"Can you hear something?" Ron whispered.

the top row. As a surprise for Hermione, they had painted a large banner on
"He's got lots o' rats an' some brandy fer the journey," said Hagrid in
mother's for you leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign... to
down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls'
Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Hermione


think they'll believe, him or us? It's not exactly a secret we hate him,

binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Hermione.
isn't it? Professor Snape couldn't bear being in your father's debt....
owned.
himself power, all right. Dark days, Hermione. Didn't know who ter trust,
legendary substance with astonishing powers. The stone will transform
horrible to Hermione. Could Snape possibly know they'd found out about the

"Unicorn hair's nearly poking out. Anyway
"But so will we, won't we?" "Of course not," said Harry. "Everything
he had to do kept his mind off his misery. He, Ron, and Harry kept to

Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching,

hadn't tried. At breakfast on Thursday she bored them all stupid with
class silent without effort. "As there is little foolish wand-waving
underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Neville cared about was never
At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at


to an unexpected test. Walking back from the library on his own one
room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa. She and Uncle
the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air

don't hang around once you've won."

one step forward and she'll take me -- that leaves you free to checkmate
them next to the baker's. He eyed them angrily as he passed. He didn't
things -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Hermione -- be careful!"
"Please wait quietly."

They're saying he tried to kill the Potter's son, Hermione. But -- he
"Yet great puddin' of a son don' need fattenin' anymore, Dursley, don'

boys through another. At the top of a spiral staircase -- they were
Whispers followed Hermione from the moment he left his dormitory the next
It's just astounding... of all the things to stop him... but how in the
along the ground. Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few
They had reached the station. There was a train to London in five
"Be quiet, Miss Patil

Hermione's letter clutched in his hand.
hands together. "And this gentleman's kindly agreed to lend us his



was locked out of Gryffindor tower.
and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the cats she'd ever
"You don't think they've been hurt, do you?" whispered Harry.
"Dumbledore?" he said, dashing to the door to make sure. Fred was right.
"Hey, look -- Hermione's got a Weasley sweater, too!"
answered before Hermione could.
"What about you?"
after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were
rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn't mentioned the date.
"Yeah, that's a goblin," said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white
will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o'clock for your
swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all scrambled

"Do something," he said desperately.
Harry agreed to run down to Hagrid's with the other two during
"Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don't talk to me on the way
'Yes!"
sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.



with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do. She
While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to
Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills.

What did it matter if Snape stole it, really?


"I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks," he said
and crushed it into a trash can -- but at the moment it didn't look in
points you'll lose Gryffindor if you're caught, and you're bound to be.
change, an' he'll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had
and Harry took.
"Wearing the glasses?"
"The whole school's talking about it," said Ron. "What really happened?"
darkness.
"How many days you got left until yer holidays?" Hagrid asked.

team -- the Weasley twins are ours -- it's their job to protect their
"Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic,
-- he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.


"Very well," Snape cut in. "We'll have another little chat soon, when
large, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Hermione written on it in
If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride
Snape gave Hermione a swift, piercing look. Hermione looked at the floor. He
He grinned at Hermione's amazement. They stepped through the archway. Hermione
yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.
her from the dining room.
"But Snape's trying to steal it."
"And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first?" said Malfoy,
once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!"
"Yes -- of course -- but there's no wood!" Harry cried, wringing her
again. He stepped in front of it.
here lately? There's a unicorn bin injured -- would yeh know anythin'

"How exactly do they sort us into houses?" he asked Ron.
Ron glared at her as she left. Hermione peered out of the window. It was
tell yeh everythin', it's a great myst'ry, parts of it...."
"Hermione -- you're a great wizard, you know."
He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket and a few
Hermione's heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it

few days, I've got the chains still in my office, keep 'em well oiled in

fell asleep almost as soon as he'd drawn the curtains of his
you two say is going to stop me! Voldemort killed my parents, remember?"
"Not Slytherin, eh?" said the small voice. "Are you sure? You could be
he still had a black mark on his nose.
"We've already told him we haven't seen it," said Ron, but the girl

the feast in their houses."


Mr. Potter, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very

They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail

down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto
The others laughed.
the last Quidditch match.

Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons. It was colder
stoat sandwiches, which they refused.
mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face,

A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too

very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he'd stretch his legs
loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words: Your
-- an' poor little Hermione off ter live with Muggles -"
With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Hermione could
Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a complete

ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch's
They didn't stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall Dudley was
"You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time."
of Flitwicles class looking confused.
Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.
So try me on and I will tell you


"I've heard of his family," said Ron darkly. "They were some of the
"So," said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with
Hermione jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as
"That's better," said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on
they normally pretended she didn't have a sister.
on his newspapers, "no damn letters today --"
Surrey
over his head and his reflection vanished completely.

night, Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. It
"Heads down!" yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they


tight like this and if it turns red -- oh..." His face fell, because the
"Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sit," said the giant, climbing
"When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to
"Fire away."
"Budge up, yeh great lump," said the stranger.
"Got it," she said. "The smallest bottle will get us through the black
"Ready?" Ron called, his face pale but determined. "Here I go - now,
cheeks.
"That's enough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now."
Malfoy smiled nastily.
was a lot bigger than Hermione's.
"So?" snapped Mrs. Dursley.
Leg-Locker Curse. He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to
"Leave it to me."
"Seems a shame ter row, though," said Hagrid, giving Hermione another of
library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.

"Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?" said one of the

make me say it again. Anyway, this -- this wizard, about twenty years
rounded on Hermione and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
"Let me explain. The happiest man on earth would be able to use the
Norris skulking near the top.

"Detention!" she shouted. "And twenty points from Slytherin! Wandering
Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting
the hall.

Hermione made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out
else. As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn't help
going near the dog again.
Hermione leaned back quickly so they couldn't see him looking.
"Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at
And he scooted off
There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over the noise,
The common room was packed and noisy. Everyone was eating the food that

almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like. He was just
changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing
"Give it here," Hermione called, "or I'll knock you off that broom!" "Oh,
He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.

out in the Slytherin colors of green and silver to celebrate Slytherin's
keen to have another one. In the meantime, Hermione filled Ron in about the
caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled
shook him awake. In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide-eyed as
"Oh, sorry," said the other,. not sounding sorry at all. "But they were
more slowly the next night. They tried retracing Hermione's route from the
Hermione grabbed his broom.
obviously in one of the towers -- they found their beds at last: five
exactly?"
written them a letter."
wooden flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Hermione blew it --
mess with goblins, Hermione. Gringotts is the safest place in the world fer

then yeh gotta find yer way -- Gringotts is hundreds of miles under
though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out
difficult -- I think the cloaks big enough to cover two of us and
"Don' mention it," said Hagrid gruffly. "Don' expect you've had a lotta
"I know," Hermione murmured through the glass, though he wasn't sure the

"We'll send you a Hogwarts toilet seat."
Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon, trying to get him out of
"Yes, exactly. I heard he's a sort of savage -- lives in a hut on the
me. I've got yeh a present."

Ron couldn't get worked up, it was too hot.
Hermione stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and



Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at him.
uncle about getting to King's Cross station the next day, so he went
"Wow," said Ron. He sat and stared at Hermione for a few moments, then, as

"Foul!" screamed the Gryffindors.

"You're the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy. aren't you,
Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the
"Vernon! Oh my goodness -- Vernon!"
"We've got to close in on it!" Hermione called, not taking his eyes off the
clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him
At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to
"It's here -- just here -- yes!"

owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although owls normally

its owner's head. The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on its


"Never -- in all my time at Hogwarts --"



excitement. He didn't know what he was going to but it had to be better
roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to
He, Ron, and Harry passed through the gateway together. "There he is,
was twitching.

constrictor on him?

matter with you? You look terrible."
BROOMSTICKS
him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full. It was decked
"You're worth twelve of Malfoy," Hermione said. "The Sorting Hat chose you
"Wonder how long Potter's going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone
As seven o'clock drew nearer, Hermione left the castle and set off in the
"Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Hagrid, clapping his great
"You have his key, Sir?"
him inside.
They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Hermione and
clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid's lamp, coming out at
angry?"
"I'm glad we didn't have to fight that one," Hermione whispered as they
"Make Dudley get it."

"Hermione, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.
"Pay him," Hagrid grunted into the sofa.
"Hagrid," said Hermione, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "did you say
Harry jumped to her feet. She hadn't looked so excited since they'd

"Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know,
it. He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times
The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.
they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge
but they're saying that when he couldn't kill Hermione Potter, Voldemort's
He turned back to Hermione. "You'll soon find out some wizarding families
working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt

few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to
direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a
Hermione couldn't sleep, but the truth was that Hermione kept being woken by
his eyes off them. Soon he had not only Dumbledore and Morgana, but

whether Ron or Harry was angrier about this. She hadn't spoken to

pin it to the ground.

"Are you all right?" said Ron. "You look odd."
The giant chuckled.
"Shut up," said Ron.

As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Hermione
man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse's gleaming
"We've heard," said Hagrid grumpily. "Well, if either of you do see

"This is it!" Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, "We're
"Have you got your own broom?" the boy went on.
"Good afternoon, Hermione," said Dumbledore. Hermione stared at him. Then he
"I thought you weren't speaking to us?" said Hermione.


"Are you serious, Professor?"

CHAPTER TWELVE
They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking

because Griphook wasn't steering.
IN- FRONT- OF- ME!"
stumbled backward.
cold eyes. He had looked through his books at the Dursleys', but did
free time in Hagrid's darkened hut, trying to reason with him.
Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.
"He's just made that rule up," Hermione muttered angrily as Snape limped
family thought I was all- Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept
had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell's stutter.
"Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?"
head looked strangely small without it. Then he turned slowly on the
in the future -- there will be books written about Hermione -- every child
"I've just thought -- Harry."


Hagrid wouldn't let Hermione buy a solid gold cauldron, either ("It says
disgust. "I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more

through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled
finding his way to classes.
Every Flavor Beans he'd gotten from Harry. "If that's what I think it
quickly out of sight. He didn't feel like sharing it with anyone else

slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the
Hermione listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up
He stopped a passing guard, but didn't dare mention platform nine and
Hermione looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldn't afford

Harry left.

THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR
them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping
by his name? All this 'You- Know-Who' nonsense -- for eleven years I
Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except
"His name's Scabbers and he's useless, he hardly ever wakes up. Percy
time in your house common room.
his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there

returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Hermione broke in

happy to join in Dudley's favorite sport: Hermione Hunting.
"What's that at its feet?" Harry whispered.

"You know perfectly well what I mean."
He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Hermione.
Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening

of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter,

I never know," Hermione called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart,

"We've got the invisibility cloak," said Hermione. "It shouldn't be too
of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.

He opened the crate. Inside were four different-sized balls.
She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall was so big you could have
Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron
at the end, and shuddered.



This was why Hermione spent as much time as possible out of the house,
"But I expect you've realized by now what it does?"
"Keep playing," Ron warned Hermione as they slipped out of the cloak and
"I know that," said Professor McGonagall irritably. "But that's no
Little Whinging
off. But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck their

Where they are just and loyal,
Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while,

Ron started to direct the black pieces. They moved silently wherever he
To achieve their ends.

"Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. "At last. And where did
Nobody answered.
Hagrid. "So yeh haven't noticed anythin' strange?"
headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky -- and

So put me on! Don't be afraid!
had replaced the snow couldn't dampen his spirits. The Weasleys


He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.

any presents and -- oh, no," he groaned, "she's made you a Weasley

"Professor Quirrell!" said Hagrid. "Hermione, Professor Quirrell will be
to "MacDougal, Morag."

her," Hermione reminded him.
corner. Houses flashed past the window. Hermione felt a great leap of

He ran back down to the common room.
streamed through the back wall. Pearly-white and slightly transparent,
"I shouldn'ta told yeh that!" he blurted out. "Forget I said it! Hey --
minute or two to pass. When he looked up, the figure had gone. A centaur
properly. Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, Nearly
laugh.
Privet Drive. It didn't so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the
"Thank you."

"Look!" said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the
to disturb it all day long. It was worse than having a cupboard as a
the first noise of the day.

close by. They were whispering excitedly together. Mr. Dursley was
fingertips. Then he looked up at Ron and said, "If anything happens to
didn't seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming



England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down."
the door ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.
gonna split inter two parties an' follow the trail in diff'rent
"Hermione!" Neville burst Out, the moment he saw the other two. "I was
"Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the
courageous fight... but your mother needn't have died... she was trying
not wanted at home."
for yeh." He turned to Griphook. "Vault seven hundred and thirteen now,

that would make him and your father even. Then he could go back to
"So this is Dumbledore!" said Hermione.


They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Petunia didn't dare ask where they
it over his head, "NEVER," he thundered, "- INSULT- ALBUS- DUMBLEDORE-

Longbottom."
"I see the Stone... I'm presenting it to my master... but where is it?"
daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed

might not have been quite truthful. But then, he thought, as he shoved

One minute to go and he'd be eleven. Thirty seconds... twenty ... ten...
"Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back."

loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth.

Hermione swung round. The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four
Fred seized.
time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon's lap.
portrait hole. "I'll -- I'll fight you!"
Hagrid gulped, but no words came out.
Potter. And what model is it?"
When Angelina had scored, Hermione had done a couple of loop-the-loops to
"0' course I cant, he said. "Number one, I don' know meself. Number two,
four-poster. Hermione leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the
After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake,
Inferno, A Dragon Keeper's Guide."

to, with such a biased referee?

me one and I'll smuggle it in somehow."
There was nothing else for it.
that would have been the one for him.
sinks off the walls as it went.

They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that
For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat

getting. Harry had now started making study schedules for Hermione and
"Oh, well -- I was at Hogwarts meself but I -- er -- got expelled, ter
anything, but he wasn't very hopeful. They had been looking for two


Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of
When you are older... I know you hate to hear this... when you are
knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters. They also carried
anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the
the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Hermione.
that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.
without their noticing anything. They walked straight past, and Hermione
Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: "Some say he died.
"Three up... two across he muttered. "Right, stand back, Hermione."
Harry opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the



Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, "About our world, I mean. Your
remembered about Snape and the coming match.
inside its envelope.
"Oh, very well," she said. "But five minutes only."
yeh ter this lot..."
"Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know

the forest.
"Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?" Hermione asked.
promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, but don' go rabbitin' about it

Hagrid dropped the teapot.
called it, gave the bills to Hermione so he could buy their tickets.
complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to
fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. Two enormous feet sticking out at
Harry always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron

Hermione and Ron jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a reason
the common room, Hermione had just said, "At least Harry's on Snape's

his binoculars. "If I didn' know better, I'd say he'd lost control of
and started trying to turn it into a needle. By the end of the lesson,
his parents had died. Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long
sitting on the chimney. The Dursleys had received a very angry letter
covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with

inspector's stand between platforms nine and ten.
detention -- what could spoil their happiness?
"I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.

The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the
impressed and couldn't wait to get started, but soon realized they

panicked and sent up the sparks.
"And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is," said Ron.
getting them to do what he wanted.
like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping

looking terrified at the very sight of Hermione.
past that three-headed dog at Halloween! That's where he was going when
"Blimey," said the other twin. "Are you

trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me -- he

thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he'd opened the
see them all there.

Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a
tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect
watch.
feel much like singing.
They looked at one another.
his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air -- it zoomed around
falling asleep (Neville wasn't back from the hospital wing). Ron had


nose, and Hermione's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it

him behind their cauldron.



looked over her shoulder to read it:


It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead. Hermione had never seen
Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.
remember, and the first question he could ever remember asking his Aunt

down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his



drinking Elixir of Life. My brain surprises even me sometimes.... Now,
you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George reckons he had a booger-

hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down. A moments pause
others it took a little while to decide. "Finnigan, Seamus," the
"Looks like a harp," said Ron. "Snape must have left it there."

Hermione seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue. He sat

Hagrid seized Hermione and Harry and hoisted them off the path behind a

"Could I -- could I say good-bye to him, sir?" asked Hagrid. He bent his
thin package and didn't answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what he'd
I won't let you do it," he said, hurrying to stand in front of the
gaze.

journey..."
"It's not just my hand," he whispered, "although that feels like it's
One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore

quickly.
squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as

At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs.
fine thing it would be if, on the very day YouKnow-Who seems to have
in our world will know his name!"
like a rat. He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their

ducked, but Hermione leapt into the air trying to catch one.
anyway, yeh couldn' work any of them curses yet, yeh'll need a lot more
And to Hermione's horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come
yes -- and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that's interesting....
the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.
Hermione flushed. They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.
hide his leg. Hermione gulped.

"Hi, Hagrid, want any help?" Ron asked, sticking his head through the
Cauldrons -- All Sizes - Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver -- Self-Stirring
Still, you weren't eleven every day.
On Hermione's other side, Percy Weasley and Harry were talking about

thing Harry ever lost at, something Hermione and Ron thought was very
The hall looked spectacular. Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all
Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Hermione
cloak, and they might as well be packing their bags already.
won. The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With
him, wrestling him to the ground. Neville hesitated, then clambered over

"I hate maroon," Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.
him... an' I said what I'd always really wanted was a dragon... an'
and he looked and looked until a distant noise brought him back to his

goggle at in a zoo. Is he really, Fred? How do you know?"
one jot. This didn't worry Hermione. It seemed as though life would be back
Hermione tried -- but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was
Hermione swallowed -- now what?

Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it. There were four
"He works at Hogwarts."

"You must come and stay this summer," said Ron, "both of you -- I'll
George. "Christmas is a time for family."
silently toward the door, away from Filch's voice. Neville's robes had


Hermione's eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them
demands on his time --
transfixed. The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head
whether to laugh or not.

cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you
"Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said Dumbledore,
At last, Norbert was going... going... gone.
you? What if you knock something over?"
NICOLAS FLAMEL


"He'll be all right," said Hermione, trying to convince himself. "What do
Percy.
smell, a mixture of bad eggs and rotted cabbages. Barrels of slimy stuff


thick black trees. A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into
nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.



dormitories. Hermione and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks

"He was provoked, Professor Snape," said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy
"Sometimes," he said, "I find it hard to follow my master's instructions
themselves. There was a lot more to magic, as Hermione quickly found out,
gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.
glass, but the snake didn't budge.
leg wasn't easy to forget.
Mrs. Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over dinner all
ideas, and between you and me, that's saying something. You see, only
At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it
A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so
that did. Harry Granger's had simply rolled over on the ground, and
"What?" said Hermione.

Sorted, I suppose?"
muttering to herself.
wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would they be allowed
how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that
dusk toward the Quidditch field. Held never been inside the stadium
Hermione shook his head. As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. Norris
stranger. He also thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that
the ear.
If yeh think yer father'd rather you were expelled, then get back off

Hermione's bathrobe for the last minute. "What?"
though he had Hermione's knobbly knees -- Hermione was looking at his family,
-- and the door was already ajar.
he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in.
remembered we'd done that one."
failed to steal the stone from Gringotts, he was most displeased. He
"But who'd be that desperate?" he wondered aloud. "If you're going to be
hospital wing. He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next

for it. The day before Hermione's first Quidditch match the three of them

there, with lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, all sorts
frame, standing on two clawed feet. There was an inscription carved

Hermione took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle. He turned to
"Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever


They hurried out of the chamber and didn't speak at all until they had

of Hagrid's must seem like a palace compared to what your family's used
The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about
through the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by, and there could

Hermione shook his head.

at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring.



have to drop."
Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling. He was also carrying a long,
Hermione was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his
an' Harry'll go one way an' Draco, Neville, an' Fang'll go the other.


"Help yourself," said Hermione. "But in, you know, the Muggle world, people
of the parcel.
our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit!
Charlie's answer!"
another one! 'Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'"
"Got everythin'? Come on, then."
who's an accountant, but we never talk about him."
"Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day," said Ron. "He'll be
raising it, ready to fire. The three of them listened. Something was

So if you seek beneath our floors
Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face Snape. I'll show

and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a

moon."
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside. It waggled its


me or Fang," said Hagrid. "An' keep ter the path. Right, now, we're
Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the
"Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!"
"Yes -- Potter -- come here."
clicked it. The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He

to his broom.
asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types --
Hermione looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost
not to move it, and to his relief he managed to get inside the room

On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Hermione. As they
read as long as he liked, as long as it took to find out who Flamel was.
So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to
down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking
said Fred. "We haven't won since Charlie left, but this year's team is

Magical Names of Our Time; he was missing, too, from Important Modern


"It's the best place for him," said Dumbledore firmly. "His aunt and
He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Hermione

please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!" And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing

All the same, it wasn't what you'd call the perfect end to the day,
the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. Hagrid was the only
sprinted back upstairs.
smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a thing while the giant was
to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house.

"Are you all right?" said the centaur, pulling Hermione to his feet.
busy with its heads."
"Well, it's best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh -- mind, I can't

Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Hermione, and

go. But I bounced -- all the way down the garden and into the road. They
"I won't let you in," he puffed. "Norbert's at a tricky stage -- nothin'
"Can't, Hermione, sorry," said Hagrid. Hermione noticed him glance at the
He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing. It was
room, you wait 'til you hear this...."
There was silence inside the hut. Only the sea and the whistling wind
HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY


back to his legs.
"It's not that unusual, yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog's Head --

was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say
after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, because a second later,
The twins were back.
figure raised its head and looked right at Hermione -- unicorn blood was
obvious rage and confusion. "Well, it's true," Hermione chortled as they



you get that motorcycle?"
Hermione screwed up his courage.

"DURSLEY!" he boomed.

books were very interesting. He lay on his bed reading late into the

threatening you...."


work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore
the barrier.
any points back if we can't win at Quidditch?"

in the entrance hall.
sausages.

The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr.
"Potter, come back here!" Quirrell shouted. "Tell me the truth! What did
"But what should we do, Vernon? Should we write back? Tell them we don't

Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a


"Malfoy," said Neville shakily. "I met him outside the library. He said
"You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was

sister. He didn't blame her -- if he'd had a sister like that... but all
a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of
down on a toilet, clutching his heart.
Hermione stared.
Weasley."
first place?"
"And women," said Chaser Angelina Johnson.
not be magic enough to come, you see. Great Uncle Algie was so pleased

gloatingly at the Slytherin table.
like Flitwick, he paused at Hermione's name.


were all really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. And you


less than last year."
before, and read:

end of practice, but Hermione headed straight back to the Gryffindor common
Yet Hermione Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for
though. Wish I'd had three wizard brothers."
it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it
The Sorting Hat can't see,
"Thank goodness you found me! I've been out here for hours, I couldn't
He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Hermione noticed, very
have got back his courage. He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were
get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting
broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!"
know."
how the other teachers had guarded it. He probably knew everything --
more students get thrown out, the better, he'll think. And don't forget,



Hermione, and they had set off.

"Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand. Eleven inches.
Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very
Yours sincerely,
handing out sweets.
"Malfoy tricked you," Harry said to Hermione. "You realize that, don't
They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, Oak
him in we'd stamp out that dangerous nonsense?"
of his cloak, tucked it inside Hermione's blankets, and then came back to
"But this is servant stuff, it's not for students to do. I thought we'd
to think about as tea with Hagrid. Had Hagrid collected that package

cards fer it if I wanted... but he had ter be sure I could handle it, he
company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying


And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the

sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said

another wizard's wand."
em, see, an' when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o' brandy mixed with
"I've found him!" he whispered. "I've found Flamel! I told you I'd read


"We've got to get back to Gryffindor tower," said Ron, "quickly as
changed their sleeping pattern." The newscaster allowed himself a grin.
but that was before he met Draco Malfoy.	Still, first-year
heard footsteps, because a second later, Harry Granger had come in.
high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the
KILL HIM!" and other voices, maybe in Hermione's own head, crying, "Hermione!
upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled

television and gave him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though
this summer. Anyway, maybe it only shows dead people. Shame about not
her. Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant

Hermione tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. Ollivander was waiting



above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well



pig in a wig.
house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is
cold with a bloody lump on its head.
The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way

You're in safe hands (though I have none)
over here! All right there, Hermione?"



"Must be," said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore. "It's odd, because he
It was Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris. Horror-struck, Hermione waved madly

large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets -- but Dudley

day for the food and the fun, but not expecting any presents at all.
won the house cup for Gryffindor."
-the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall
teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he knew he'd never
"But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?" said Harry.
Their mother suddenly became very stern.

Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart;

"Lily and James... I can't believe it... I didn't want to believe it...


"You can't go out," said Neville, "you'll be caught again. Gryffindor
"We're nearly there," he muttered suddenly. "Let me think let me
reflection was smiling at him and waving. He reached out a hand and felt
sight gave him the creeps.
to London tomorrow anyway, or I wouldn't bother."
delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about a week later.
Hermione didn't say anything.
good reason, because Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of


They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li- brary
as his enemies. Nevertheless, Hermione, while you may only have delayed his
said. "I'm -- er -- not supposed ter do magic, strictly speakin'. I was
strode out of sight; Hermione didn't think Quirrell had even noticed him.
get annoyed, as though Hermione was being stupid on purpose. Getting
"My father's next door buying my books and mother's up the street

parents were brave.... I killed your father first; and he put up a
what he was looking for, none of them knew. He drove them into the

trick staircase if you met him when you were late for class. He would
"For the best! What is that to do with us? Centaurs are concerned with
"The whole school's out there!" said Fred Weasley, peering out of the

"What have you been telling him?" growled Bane. "Remember, Firenze, we

eating anything?"
Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.
received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for
"I'd give anything for one of these," he said. "Anything. What's the
"And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy."
he looked along the bottom shelf for an interestinglooking book. A large
glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).

cracker with Fred and it didn't just bang, it went off with a blast like
Hermione didn't know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to
"It's nearly out." He ushered them inside.
Ronan didn't answer immediately. He stared unblinkingly upward, then
"Oh, right!" said Harry, and she whipped out her wand, waved it,
"Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself
you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death -- if you aren't
"Better you than me," they said together, but Hermione had an idea that
"I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said Dumbledore gently.
"So we were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and Snape's trying to
Just then, the doorbell rang -- "Oh, good Lord, they're here!" said Aunt

what was good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like the

"Now what am I going to do?" she asked shrilly.
Ron and Harry argued all the way to Herbology and in the end,
afternoon. "Wood told me."
were able to pull free.
beginning at Hogwarts, you'll be just fine. just be yerself. I know it's
It was Quirrell.
horn and tail hair in Potions."



tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until

learned a new word ("Won't!"). Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. When

first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappeared. Said
looking up at Hermione, she started looking frantically at the crowd.
came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy
Four minutes to go. Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of
of these at the front desk."

had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.
the roof of the school kitchens. Dudley's gang had been chasing him as
Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with
green icing.
"Why aren't you wearing yours, Ron?" George demanded. "Come on, get it
"Hope to see you in Hufflepuff!" said the Friar. "My old house, you
He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, "Gran, I've lost my toad
filled the whole space between ceiling and floor. It had three heads.
shouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing. "Don't
"Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Weasley, and
other around Hermione's brain, each more feeble than the last. He couldn't
because they were all so impressed at the way Hermione had managed to stay

"You drink first," said Hermione. "You are sure which is which, aren't
"Oy, you there! Is this your toad?" said Hagrid, who was checking the
up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous

"There's light ahead -- I can see something moving."
forgotten that the Dursleys were there. Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to


uniform of scarlet and gold, was -
goes..."
And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send -an owl to Charlie to
His aunt was back outside the door.
"Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said Dumbledore. "However, recent
The giant chuckled darkly.
yellow eyes like a hawk.
"Don' go shoutin' about it, what's the matter with yeh?"
Or young with scabby knees,
sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.
sometime. D'yeh know, every time I go up ter the school, she follows me


stared at the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Dursley drove around the
as though he hadn't been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors

fell into blackness, down ... down... down...

"Right," mumbled Ron.
They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into
looking at him; he had to jog to keep up. Now he'd done it. He hadn't
pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned -- but


Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Hermione couldn't help

"Years an' years ago," said Hagrid.
drew closer, he heard Quirrell's voice.
weeks, after A, but as they only had odd moments between lessons it

late."
right famous at Hogwarts."
know... her crowd."

cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't take his eyes off you."
"I -- I know I can't keep him forever, but I can't jus' dump him, I
nothing happened until I was eight. Great Uncle Algie came round for
forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the


Fourth, the second left and the second on the right
"Well, I got back all right," said Harry. "I brought Ron round --
Way up above them, Hermione was gliding over the game, squinting about for
lonely."
"Won it," said Hagrid. "Las' night. I was down in the village havin' a

allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an' get yer letters to yeh an' stuff

"Right," said Ron.
"Professor -- please
Hermione swallowed and looked around him. He realized he must be in the
"Stand back," Wood warned Hermione. He bent down and freed one of the
morning the ground was covered in frost. Hagrid could be seen from the
happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a

through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was
as though he'd been making another bid for freedom.
yeh know too much already, so I wouldn' tell yeh if I could. That


"Hagrid," he said quietly, "I think you must have made a mistake. I
A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a
Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the
Section."
Hermione tried to shut the door quietly, but --
had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too,


"Oh," he said, "I didn't realize it had to be so wet."
down their quills and roll up their parchment, Hermione couldn't help
the upper floors.
Hermione lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch. He
Hermione sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the


or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron

"c-can't t-tell you how p- pleased I am to meet you."
violet cloak. He didn't seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the

about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high
Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.
caught a few words of what they were saying.




balls as hard as he could in every direction for Hermione to catch.
"Some sort of test, I think. Fred said it hurts a lot, but I think he
particularly dense patch of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly
A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their discussion.
troll, quite apart from anything else.
important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be
hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning
"You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said
Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. They inched closer.
alive; that leaves Quirrell's spell, and Snape's."
out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile house screamed and
first years can't have their own. I think I'll bully father into getting
Harry buried her face in her arms; Hermione strongly suspected she had
will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to
normal, owl-free morning. He yelled at five different people. He made
glass or crystal phials
"A lemon drop. They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"
"Only joking, I am Fred," said the boy, and off he went. His twin called


had started drawing up study schedules and colorcoding all her notes.
owlery with the other school owls. This morning, however, she fluttered
For I'm a Thinking Cap!"
person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending


go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's

Hermione looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He dashed to the
likes the dark and the damp
watching.
Hermione thought. Then he said slowly, "It shows us what we want...
boy!"
Hermione slid off his back.
hotel came over to their table.

"Up! Get up! Now!"
time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.


showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.
was his only hope. He squeezed through it, holding his breath, trying
You'll be expelled!"
and you still seem to have some."

"These birds... they can't be here just for decoration," said Harry.
Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look Severus Snape
his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping him so busy. There
Hermione wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. While Ron
much mistaken if you'll all come out in one piece."

He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming. He
"I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. Every single wand. It
remember to jump. Then there were doors that wouldn't open unless you

"Oh, move over," Harry snarled. She grabbed Hermione's wand, tapped the

that as well."
"Snape wants the stone for Voldemort... and Voldemort's waiting in the

"Oy, Fred! C'mere and help!"
"Why aren't you supposed to do magic?" asked Hermione.
about Quidditch!"
"Dragons!" he whispered. "Hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons!
Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made
they're here to be punished, after all."
I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I've read all about them!
leaned against the wall, breathing deeply, listening to their footsteps
borrowed Fluffy from me... then some o' the teachers did enchantments...
Hermione looked into the fire. Now he came to think about it... every odd
got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened
"Wish McGonagall favored us, " said Hermione. Professor McGonagall was head
get to the mirror he hadn't noticed him.
and meet Hagrid with you?"

he'd been looking for someone to practice that on."
head, and began to pin it to the right length.
hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been

twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Hermione hadn't broken

door open," said Ron, peering over the dog's back. "Want to go first,
"They stuff people's heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall,"
The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy
for another body to share... not being truly alive, he cannot be killed.
mouth, as Hermione streaked toward the ground like a bullet.


"Yes..." said Dumbledore dreamily. "Funny, the way people's minds work,
"Who's there?" Hagrid called. "Show yerself -- I'm armed!"


find two people who are less like us. And they've got this son -- I saw
stopped him?"
Flitwick, you know." He put on a high voice, "'Oh Professor Flitwick,
And learn until our brains all rot.
Hagrid. "Stop Lily an' James Potter' s son goin' ter Hogwarts! Yer mad.

looked like an unpleasant lot. He was starting to feel definitely sick
Hermione and Harry followed him out of the clearing, staring over their
Hermione?"

buffalo on his chest."
capture of the Snitch it's now. Finish the game before Snape can favor
"No -- but it's like ice."
what it was, no one does -- but somethin' about you stumped him, all
fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose
than what he was leaving behind.

hide -- except perhaps Hogwarts.

Perhaps Snape had left the book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed

Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor

Ron. "And have you really got -- you know..."
the Hufflepuff table. Hermione saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving
Dumbledore. Hermione must have walked straight past him, so desperate to
reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on
his hand by Uncle Vernon.
room.
around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks
And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed,
"But this isn't soccer, Dean," Ron reminded him.
hard. Yeh've been singled out, an' that's always hard. But yeh'll have a
was still shaking.
He was looking over at Hermione as he spoke. Crabbe and Goyle chuckled.
twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two;
They went off to lunch.
between his nostrils, was doing this on its own. Mr. Ollivander was
"Don't, Ginny, we'll send you loads of owls."


counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.

lurch. For a split second, he thought he was going to fall. He gripped

those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they're

"There's a note!" said Ron suddenly. "A note fell out of it!"

he's runnin' back up ter the school."

great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to

"Right, here's what we've got to do," he whispered urgently. "One of us
if it's true."
the binoculars back on Hermione. His broom was vibrating so hard, it was

does he know about it, some o' the best I ever saw were the only ones
Hermione followed Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was quite clear now and
didn't dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches... terrible
"What the --?"
stupidest of the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were all quite

Hermione clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.
at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried

She said all this very fast.
spoke to it.
Hardly anyone had seen Hermione play because Wood had decided that, as
words properly is very important, too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio,

word... "
world. My world. Yer parents' world."
stepped into the corridor, Filch's face loomed suddenly out of the
"Don't want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an early
return. He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Hermione roughly

took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly
everyone's saying? About why he's disappeared? About what finally
Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years;

As Neville walked away, Hermione looked at the Famous Wizard card.
been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for getting rid of
Second, different are those who stand at either end,
It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the car. Dud ley
began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a
two.
argue. Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the
and you're out of the game!"

watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because
I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle
on his chest with the letter P on it.
good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just
either, but cold and sharp. "Yes, Severus does seem the type, doesn't




The following morning, notes were delivered to Hermione, Harry, and


been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds.... Unicorn
us -- if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own --"
There, look."
"SO WHAP" Hermione shouted. "Don't you understand? If Snape gets hold of
The high voice spoke again.
Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty. Hermione
"Er -- I don't know any," Hermione confessed.
head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and
sent it.
You might belong in Gryffindor,

"Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said

boats as people climbed out of them.

"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving
now. He remembered being picked for teams during gym at his old school.

Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at
joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.
they came to a sudden halt.
queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he
world -- everyone follows Quidditch -- played up in the air on
"Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," Ron sighed, as evening
Hermione's broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn' try an' kill a student!
"But he seemed to really hate me."
done for! This is the end!" They could hear footsteps, Filch running as
"You nearly were, I couldn't have kept him off the Stone much longer --"
THE END
of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried

two about Snape's sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.

Ron bit his lip.

about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of
"I mean, after that open and revolting foul
Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.

long fingers and feet. He bowed as they walked inside. Now they were
one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined. It said Potter for President, and

Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon
"Oh, honestly, don't you two read? Look -- read that, there."

"Yeah -- he's mine -- bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub
The oldest boy came striding into sight. He had already changed into his
closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell

every second.
up the steps but could hardly raise one end and twice he dropped it

Now they were speeding past fields full of cows and sheep. They were
"Nearly," said Hermione.
wearing a cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn into a tight
on drills that morning. He didn't see the owls swoop ing past in broad

"And there's something else..."
Harry looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Hermione was


people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Hermione tried to get a
Hagrid bit his lip.
like cats, they make me sneeze. I'll get yer an owl. All the kids want
-- with bright blue wings -- the feathers are all crumpled on one side."
The din was deafening. Those who could add up while yelling themselves
"I tell you, we're going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,"
"It's on my ticket."
said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and
"Oy, pea-brain!" yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he
"I -- told -- you."
Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - Ron leapt
Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the hoops to
the crate.
what's he after? What's that dog guarding?"
full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort,
high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.


eyes were black like Hagrid's, but they had none of Hagrid's warmth.
wouldn't you.
out-of-bounds except for classes. Add Norbert and the invisibility
corridor where they slammed into a door -- and it was locked.
"Told yeh, didn't I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell


a multilevel parking garage.

"You don't understand," said Hermione, "this is important."
personally make sure you are expelled. Good day to you."
letter? These people will never understand him! He'll be famous -- a
holding on for dear life.
A second, very small parcel contained a note.


fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Hermione, who was
forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to
started running for the exits.
"I'll use the invisibility cloak," said Hermione. "It's just lucky I got it

around in the middle of the night, how dare you --"
They didn't tell him much. Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled
She kissed Percy on the cheek and he left. Then she turned to the twins.
Dursleys. He stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights.
Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall.

the countercurse. Neville's legs sprang apart and he got to his feet,

match. Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get
"I always said he was off his rocker," said Ron, looking quite impressed
"Can't be too careful, Ronan," said Hagrid, patting his crossbow.
Neville's hadn't moved at all. Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell


"The library?" said Hagrid, following them out of the hall. "Just before
"They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Hermione outta the

Look at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to

was in tears.

He had just raised his 'wand when the compartment door slid open again.
Muggles in helicopters. He wasn't the only one, though: the way Seamus

"Yeah -- so yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it, I'll tell yeh that. Never
They passed different groups of people hurrying in different directions.
into me...."
around himself. Looking down at his legs, he saw only moonlight and

"Malfoy's got detention! I could sing!"
nine -- maybe he'd wake Dudley up, just to annoy him -- three... two...
their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to
got a few extra books. for background reading, and you're in Modern
guarding Flamel's Sorcerer's Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it
"They're dead," said Hermione shortly. He didn't feel much like going into
neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it, entranced by
pewter on yer list"), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing
"Good afternoon," he said smoothly.
shivering behind him.

"The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Hermione, and I ask you
"Slytherin in possession," Lee Jordan was saying, "Chaser Pucey ducks
third floor. Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that
"Me," he said calmly. "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you here,
of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and,

dirty rags swimming in gray water.
involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs.
Hermione shook his head and the boy sat down. He glanced at Hermione and then
had been held up by Madam Pomfrey's fussing about, insisting on giving
Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you."
At three-thirty that afternoon, Hermione, Ron, and the other Gryffindors



himself about not meddling.
with the topmost branches of an oak he called, "Come and get it,
shop.
Hagrid helped Hermione on to the train that would take him back to the
They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Hermione and
"You know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whiskers are a bit lighter,"
possible."

doing in the library?"
"I don't know," said Hermione quietly. "I think Harry does, though, why
Harry took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to
are you studying for, you already know it A."
Keeper for Gryffindor. I have to fly around our hoops and stop the other
all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember
Gringotts carts." He did still look a bit sick, so Hermione entered Madam
had white-blond hair and a palomino body.
"So -- after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating

"Are you sure that's a real spell?" said the girl. "Well, it's not very
"WEASLEY!"

gone, Vol-, I mean, You-Know- Who --"
"Could do with some of those letters now, eh?" he said cheerfully.
turban.
others existed only in the mirror.
watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go

ground. The cat's tail twitched and its eyes narrowed.
understand them, like a slug.
stars! Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early -- it's
Potter."




"Ah - your father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought
"Well, hurry up, I can't breathe!" Hermione gasped, wrestling with it as it

one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.
could go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name was..."
sweater."
Malfoy's already done that," Neville choked out.


Hermione wished he had about eight more eyes. He turned his head in every
view of things. She was torn between horror at the idea of Hermione being



under this big one from Mommy and Daddy."


meant... you really are a natural. I'm just going to teach you the rules



"Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father
school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there too. Hermione, on the
him she was a witch 'til after they were married. Bit of a nasty shock
Broomsticks! We've got to catch the key to the door!"
out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase. Hermione's legs were
immediately!"
"Ouch!" Hermione clapped a hand to his head.
with flaming torches like the ones at Gringotts, the ceiling was too
The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk
Christmas."
marked by something so good."

"It's a Remembrall!" he explained. "Gran knows I forget things -- this
"Good - well, look, Neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'll see you
QUIDDITCH
uniform, leaving Hermione at Mrs. Figg's. Mrs. Figg wasn 't as bad as

wave of his wand. "I suppose you added the porcupine quills before
"They're in here somewhere," they heard him mutter, "probably hiding."

gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose.



He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll's nose. It was covered

Dursleys, then handed him an envelope.

The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Hermione and Hagrid made
Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week

"How did you know it was me?" she asked.
And she left, taking the toadless boy with her.
glass. Bright green -- exactly the same shape, but then he noticed that
Hermione climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor. There was no
When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a


He had to try it, now. He slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak
Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was
drive in the opposite direction for a while. "Shake'em off... shake 'em
From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled a slightly
in this cloak. Excitement flooded through him as he stood there in the
it at some point, but it'll taste all right."
Hermione was faster than Higgs -- he could see the little round ball, wings
Hermione shivered. He wasn't sure he liked Mr. Ollivander too much. He paid
me, don't follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to


"Don't be a fool," snarled the face. "Better save your own life and join
left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as she strode toward
right direction. They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor
door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bounds
"No -- Charlie -- your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons.
her leaving her seat, but Hermione didn't have the faintest idea what a


green had waved merrily at him once on a bus. A bald man in a very long
"Oh," said the boy, "I've heard of him. He's a sort of servant, isn't
"You're mad!" said Ron.
why they had both brought their wands to the match. Little did Hermione
explain this, Harry said, "That's just the exams. I woke up last


exams, which had been bewitched with an AntiCheating spell.
"Got it here somewhere," said Hagrid, and he started emptying his
"Mrs. Norris?" breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.

Hermione didn't feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment. If

Muggles from noticing us if we're keeping dragons in the back garden -
"The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said Hagrid.

"Is that where -?" whispered Professor McGonagall.
"He lies... He lies..."
He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified,
don't want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you'll lose all the


though he'd rather not think about it. "N-not that you n-need it, eh,

Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked back at the
Two Thousand -- fastest ever --" There were shops selling robes, shops

The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black take.
emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.

badly by summat. This is the second time in a week. I found one dead
had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.
it was motorcycles.
great surprise. "You should have said something, we had no idea."
He had always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but

first really fine day they'd had in months. The sky was a clear,
smelled so sweet. He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour

the matter with this boy.
"No problems, were there?"
BOOM.



people!"
uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he's older. I've
This was so unfair that Hermione opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked
"Nah, I'm all right, thanks, Ron."

sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor
still ringing in his ears.

Vernon had taken Hermione aside.

Out on the stone steps, Hermione turned to the others.
shelves, the happier he seemed to become.
"Get the mail, Hermione."


words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.
annoying singsong voice.
"Aha!" said Hermione, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved,
tight as he could. Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Hermione off -- the
usual. It turned out she'd broken her leg tripping over one of her cats,
CHAPTER SIX
Uncle Vernon's rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four
"Mighta come up," said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember.
crate. About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out
"What can you see?" Harry said anxiously.
shouldn't you?"
THE SORTING HAT
Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him,
find them in the dark, to warn them.
jewels at the very least -- but at first he thought it was empty. Then

"I have strength enough... for this...."
me that Stone in your pocket?"
"Marge's ill," he informed Aunt Petunia. "Ate a funny whelk. --."
"Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner."

"What are you talking about, Dean?" said Ron.
-- exactly the same as Slytherin. They had tied for the house cup -- if

with your father, didn't you know? They loathed each other. But he never
silently over the castle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run. He

fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.
one can stand her," he said to Hermione as they pushed their way into the
"GET OUT! OUT!"
"'Scuse me, but is one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I got about an 'undred
wizard's duel?" said Hermione. "And what do you mean, you're my second?"

"I-I don't know what you
and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery.
back! Have you no shame? Are you a common mule?"
"Give me a minute."

great, shaggy head over Hermione and gave him what must have been a very
Hermione began to tell him and Harry what had happened in the forest.
Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before
sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when

cornered. How could they have been so stupid as to forget the cloak?
that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.

change on the train. He checked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure
Ron, too. It was driving them nuts.

place. It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon's car
fell asleep almost at once.
I -- told -you," Harry gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest,
Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on
arm. Hermione landed next to him.
Hermione looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank you, but the words
I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed --
wall and fell silent.
sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry. One of them was

"Rubbish!" said Hagrid. "Why should he?"

tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows. "No

are much better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends

and I've only just got away, I don't know where Snape went."

forest. Neville thought Hermione had a bad case of exam nerves because
while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.
Send me an answer as soon as possible.
Something gold was glinting just above him. The Snitch! He tried to
walking with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given
of owls... shooting stars.... Well, they're not completely stupid. They
"Stop saying the name!" said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he
lightning scar.
"Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Curious indeed how these things
in his excitement. "You bowed to me once in a shop."
Hermione leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling something. Snape interrupted
It was very difficult. Hermione and Seamus swished and flicked, but the
"Snape?"
"ALL WHAT?" Hagrid thundered. "Now wait jus' one second!"
Neville's lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.
other twin. "Once --"

Dumbledore's face had disappeared.
stuck in here forever."
take him." She jerked her head in Hermione's direction.
"She might not have needed saving if we hadn't locked the thing in with
all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. They had almost reached


whatever he told Ron and Harry. The rest of the team wasn't too calm,
class into pairs to practice. Hermione's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which
book. He wasn't in Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century, or Notable

agreed, though the thought didn't cheer him up at all.

boy, they looked like bodyguards.
OTHER EQUIPMENT
"One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore. "Another Christmas
own story when every kid in our world knows his name!" "But why? What
afternoon. On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast,

"Neville, you can look!" Ron said. Neville had been sobbing into

steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten all about
grinned at Hermione. "Comets look flashy, but they're not in the same

Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they

sounded offhand.
he ever refereed a Quidditch match? He's not going to be fair if we

The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs. As they
He'd lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as
Hermione pushed the door open.



flavored one once."
stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already."
reading the sign that said Privet Drive -- no, looking at the sign; cats
Harry marched away with her nose in the air.
hold on. Then the whole crowd gasped. Hermione's broom had given a wild
before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.

taught us enough to help. I don't think it was an accident he let me

"Master, you are not strong enough!"
clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.
sleep, Hermione ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned
"Well, there you are," Hermione said quietly, "Snape's already got past

leave those brooms where they are or you'll be out of Hogwarts before
howling. He'd never had such a bad day in his life. He was hungry, he'd

Harry, who came back the day before term started, took a different

an' he killed 'em. Horribly. One o' the only safe places left was
blood or practicing wand movements. Moaning and yawning, Hermione and Ron
"Can't tell yeh that," said Hagrid mysteriously. "Very secret. Hogwarts
Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.
"Watching -- spying -- might be following us," muttered Uncle Vernon
"Ministry o' Magic messin' things up as usual," Hagrid muttered, turning

"It's the girls' bathroom!" Hermione gasped.
"Harry!"

--"

"Scabbers has been fighting, not us," said Ron, scowling at her. "Would



"Urgh -- troll boogers."

Hermione sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed "SEIZE HIM!"

"I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall.


Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once.
difficult to see. It's the Seeker's job to catch it. You've got to weave
credit to whichever house becomes yours.
"Prefects," he rumbled, "lead your Houses back to the dormitories
copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several

here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough
went back to staring out of the window.
underneath. Then Harry had performed a tricky little charm so that
It was the first time Harry had ever failed to answer a teacher's
else. Lots of people had come from Muggle families and, like him, hadn't
"No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy," Hermione called.
blood on the fallen leaves.
to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor
Hermione caught Neville's eye and tried to tell him without words that this
passes Bell -- hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose
The pain in Hermione's head was so bad he fell to his knees. It took a
back. And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair,
"And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" cried
cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).
pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits
strange.

difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee,
The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and
-- think you've got all that?"
Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a
"I suppose so," said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.

his relief, a voice came floating in through the train's open door.
Malfoy looked at him.

the world to do...."
The whole shack shivered and Hermione sat bolt upright, staring at the

room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. Filch was already
were both long enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing long robes,
him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was
"Ah yes," said the man. "Yes, yes. I thought I'd be seeing you soon.

CHAPTER ELEVEN
He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes.
CHARMS CORRIDOR"
soon."
"Vol-, sorry - You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?"
who sent it to me?"

minutes during their breaks. Hermione had even less time than the other

Gringotts? It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't suppose you
gettin' yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldn't even know abou'

found out somehow, this is Voldemort we're talking about, he'd have
wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of
A few people nodded mutely.
"I... don't... want... him... t-t-to come!" Dudley yelled between huge,


sword, he said, "I'm warning you, Dursley -I'm warning you -- one more
his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at
"What house are your brothers in?" asked Hermione.

"I saw you and Snape in the forest --" he blurted out.

things gray for you. It'll look just like everyone else's when I've
wandering around. So what if they can't see you? What if they walk into
Hermione played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn't

package. Had that been what the thieves were looking for?
to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name.
behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out
curled around his chest.




"In a manner of speaking," said Uncle Vernon. "Hurry up, boy, we haven't
Hermione pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment
"Ah," said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er..."
while everyone else was at dinner -- what was going on?

match. She broke my eye contact with you. Another few seconds and I'd

sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different
At last she found what she was looking for.
Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly,
up. Snape's only got to say he doesn't know how the troll got in at
"I'm Ron Weasley," Ron muttered.
face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."
"So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to

odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on
years follow me!"
a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle, it's easy enough. Right,
The white king took off his crown and threw it at Hermione's feet. They had
of you. I've never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students."
"There are all kinds of courage," said Dumbledore, smiling. "It takes a
its head until its eyes were on a level with Hermione's.
They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind
No one could wait for the holidays to start. While the Gryffindor common
Three of them are called Chasers."
There was a pause. Then --

Ron examined the lock on the door.


Malfoy and Crabbe weren't there yet. The crystal trophy cases glimmered
brains."
with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our
across a vomitflavored one, and since then I'm afraid I've rather lost
"Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?" Hermione asked.

tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously

everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already
He clapped his hands. In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet

Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!

las' year -- I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the
on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to


Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.

about punishing you."




Voldemort.
and cranberry sauce -- and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet
Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face
begins, I suppose, with -- with a person called -- but it's incredible

"Hermione! Hermione, are you all right?"
The centaur didn't answer. He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale
you? He was never going to meet you -- Filch knew someone was going to
she'd had it for several years.
I've never seen anything like it. Was that your first time on a


They looked at the dragon. It had grown three times in length in just a
to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk. At the start of their
"Not the Stone, boy, you -- the effort involved nearly killed you. For
Hermione kept to his room, with his new owl for company. He had decided to
Hermione hung back for a last word with Ron and Harry.

"What on earth were you thinking of?" said Professor McGonagall, with


Hermione glanced down at his broom. It was old and some of the twigs stuck

"I think we've lost him," Hermione panted, leaning against the cold wall
the dog's noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it

"Had to let that happen," said Ron, looking shaken. "Leaves you free to
Hermione went back to the library, where Harry was testing Ron on
what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap


Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is


"Oh, it's you, Ronan," said Hagrid in relief. "How are yeh?"
"Did you see his face, the great lump?"
The goblin looked at it closely.
to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle

but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and
closer look.
The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the windows rattle. Hermione
"It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.
"Don't do that."
two, because Quidditch practice had started again.
Great Hall didn't simply open on to the heavens.
Firenze didn't want to talk to him anymore. They were passing through a
sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all Hermione's pasties,
"Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall. "The start-of-term
Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienic, and confiscated

exasperated, half admiring. "But you're different. Everyone knows you're

underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.

Flamel'!"

away. "Wonder what's wrong with his leg?"
hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick -- he hit the field
that should be enough fer a couple o' terms, we'll keep the rest safe
same thing -- did the cloak work on cats? After what seemed an age, she

"Potter, did she say?"
What's your surname, anyway?"
piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.

"DotA be stupid," snapped Aunt Petunia. "I'm dyeing some of Dudley's old
But before Hermione could answer, Madam Malkin said, "That's you done, my
funny clothes -- the getups you saw on young people! He supposed this
say your father favored it -- it's really the wand that chooses the
tapping his way around the frame. "Trust Dumbledore to come up with
"Professor Snape, Hermione." "Yes, him -- Quirrell said he hates me because

"I'd be careful if I were you, Potter," he said slowly. "Unless you're a

"But we don't feet like leaving, do we, boys? We've eaten all our food
giant tarantula down there."
I would trust Hagrid with my life," said Dumbledore.



one...
taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced

trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did make himself unpopular...
Muggles?"
"Me!" said Harry. "Books! And cleverness! There are more important
Quirrell cursed under his breath.
across the dark hall toward the front door --
been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.
of a name increases fear of the thing itself."
"I've just thought of something," said Hermione. He had turned white.

Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could.
dribbling down its front. It got to its feet and came swiftly toward
Hagrid's big, hairy face appeared in the crack as he pulled the door
story again. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied

with work, though. He watched an owl flutter toward the school across
and shriveled up.
beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.

COURSE BOOKS
Mr. H. Potter

"LIAR!" Hermione shouted suddenly.
Gringotts. Wizards' bank. Have a sausage, they're not bad cold -- an' I
Harry screamed but stayed on her square - the white queen dragged Ron
"Why?"
here. We may as well go and join the celebrations."

because Dudley had sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. They

you hear that? He remembers me!" Hermione shook hands again and again --


found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy seized the
didn't look as though he'd cracked yet.
"No!" Hermione hissed. I know it's here somewhere."
Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.
it back inside the crate, "it's too dark, we might lose it. Let's try

"I dunno, I've just got a bad feeling about it -- and anyway, you've had

Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it
Hermione could see Uncle Vernon's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the

staircase, then another -- even one of Hermione's shortcuts didn't make the
exercise -- unless of course it involved punching somebody. Dudley's
on, they're lovely and warm."
"Is that you, Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get started."

might have told us prefects, at least."
"Rubbish," said Hagrid, who hadn't heard a word of what had gone on next
anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until


They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Hermione looked into the
the Dursleys saying that he'd somehow turned his teacher's wig blue. He
"Have a good term," said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile. He

Hermione threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.
skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes
selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Hermione had never seen
fork in the earth path, and Hermione, Harry, and Hagrid took the left
anything so beautiful and sad. Its long, slender legs were stuck out at



"Thanks, Seamus," said Hermione, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his

don't think I can be a wizard."
"Hagrid!"
they were sure it wouldn't be allowed. Unfortunately, something about

"Busy year?" she said.
door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor
wasn't surprising they'd found nothing. What they really needed was a
"Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin," said Hagrid darkly. "There's not a
mistaking him.
see how they were going to get out of trouble this time. They were
Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that
mirror. Sure enough, his reflection looked back at him, just his head

He looked very pleased with himself, but Harry didn't.
would choose above all -- the trouble is, humans do have a knack of
"Fine," said Neville, showing them. "Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a
find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost

back through the purple."
award Gryffindor house fifty points."
couldn't have done it."
his hand. He rammed it into the lock and turned -- it worked. The moment

Hermione didn't have a clue what was going on.
than the rest of the boys in his class put
off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.
full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their
the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest,
"You could just leave me here," Hermione put in hopefully (he'd be able to
"Stop!" he commanded. "Stop right there, sit! I forbid you to tell the


Filch said, "I suppose you think you'll be enjoying yourself with that
"Can't you --?"
Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.


As the match drew nearer, however, Hermione became more and more nervous,
They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly
"I've come to bring Hermione to his aunt and uncle. They're the only family
a hinge. Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it



gone far if it's this badly hurt, an' then we'll be able ter -- GET
boy anything!"
that he was getting the loudest cheer yet. Percy the Prefect got up and
there's a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant
single-handed! He's still out cold but Madam Pomftey says he'll be all
chess --"
After dinner the three of them sat nervously apart in the common room.
You will always find some on nettle wine's left side;
It was the best evening of Hermione's life, better than winning at

had died in that car crash. He couldn't remember being in the car when
Things didn't improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson
"Er -- Uncle Vernon?"


"Hagrid's bringing him."
bright tonight," he said simply.
"Nothing, that's why it's such big news. They haven't been caught. My


Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars
"What do they think they're doing, keeping a thing like that locked up


front window. Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Hermione and pointing

with misty eyes. "He really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert!

she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but she didn't pick them up.


confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who.' I have never seen any reason

"And it's really none of your business," said Hermione.
by the arrival of the mail.

A lot of the greatest wizards haven't got an ounce of logic, they'd be
open.
"Ahem," said Dumbledore. "I have a few last-minute points to dish out.
BEHIND THAT TREE!"
still growling inside. Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper,

was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his
Gryffindor is in the lead!" shrieked Harry, dancing up and down on



been wrong. Snape didn't dislike Hermione -- he hated him.
started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.

"Well, they did rather detest each other. Not unlike yourself and Mr.
Hermione had the best morning he'd had in a long time. He was careful to


"Oh, it was nothing, dear."


broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when he reminded himself it would be
"Everyone here? You there, still got yer toad?"
stupidly, to see what had made the noise. Its mean little eyes saw
with Dumbledore watching. All the other teachers thought Snape was
"This is where I leave you," Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to

still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.
hand.
there. It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Hermione felt
to the school separately."
"I'd like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him," he said.
few, well- chosen words. Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the
"Of course he has," said Ron, wheeling around. "I'm his second, who's
"Did that sound like hooves to you? Nah, if yeh ask me, that was what's
"You got there? You got Harry's owl?"



up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him. Binns droned on
doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding -- "
apart from Fluffy."
breath. Slowly, the dog's growls ceased -- it tottered on its paws and

of explaining."
telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone

"Bye-bye, Norbert!" Hagrid sobbed, as Hermione and Harry covered the


It will be quicker this way.




Harry had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not

peered at it.



"You don't mean -- you can't mean the people who live here?" cried
them.
arm.
NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK
up out of the darkness - this was his big chance to beat Malfoy
breathe."
It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more
Charlie
you, an' we've gotta get this done."
At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded the
Hermione tried to understand this but it made his head pound, so he
"Brilliant!" said Ron. "How about it, Hagrid?"

Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Hermione thought wildly,
stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined
lake, which was as smooth as glass. Everyone was silent, staring up at
They were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels.


thing -- ").


"What was he hiding behind his back?" said Harry thoughtfully.
sickening sight.
Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were
pocket -- and as it did so, Hermione felt something heavy drop into his
"And we'd better stay outside the third-floor corridor," Hermione told Ron.
Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their
Hermione and Harry tried to calm Ron down.

Ron also started teaching Hermione wizard chess. This was exactly like
floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.

centaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not interested in anythin' closer'n the


families.

charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them

Hermione had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner. A hundred

honor."
The rat was still snoozing on Ron's lap.
him so far.

horrible feeling he'd just plunged it into a bucket of ice-cold water.
"He's not going," he said.

"Blown up a toilet? We've never blown up a toilet."
understand why it was killed? Or have the planets not let you in on that
Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget. Draco

Uncle Vernon grunted again.
bezoar was. He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were
The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Hermione read on:
"You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got
trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him. Hermione thought
came in.
to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.
But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something
Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore. Professor
They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape
"Quick, go, before it wears off."
wide like a mouth -- and the hat began to sing:
McGonagall's giant chess set!"

off," he would mutter whenever he did this.
one last desperate look back at Ron, Hermione and Harry charged through


"You drink that," said Hermione. "No, listen, get back and get Ron. Grab
as it cleared, Hermione gasped. Inside were mounds of gold coins. Columns

"Well, Hermione, you take the place of that bishop, and Harry, YOU 90
The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Hermione his

the air behind him. If she was really there, he'd touch her, their
midnight before the cat moved at all.
Snape bandages.
harness they'd rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them.



and gathered up the fallen books. I suggest you all go back outside and
"Look --" he murmured, holding out his arm to stop Malfoy.
Hermione Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone

"Storm forecast for tonight!" said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his
Ron stared after her, his mouth open.
"Your new school uniform," she said.
ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and mar- malade, but then
results came out. When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put
"Hungry, are you?"
The goblin read the letter carefully.
vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a
"Starving," said Hermione, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.


For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A few old women were
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

could've done if he was comin' back.
thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much

gives us all a bad name and you know, he's not really even a ghost -- I
the dragon's head. It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.



Hermione looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively
"You did do the thing properly, didn't you? Well, Nicolas and I have had
When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food
The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the
were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a

planned this. Hermione knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had
"Still got yer letter, Hermione?" he asked as he counted stitches. Hermione
Quirrell couldn't touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible


"Sorry, George, dear."
"Why? Blimey, Hermione, everyone'd be wantin' magic solutions to their

half me life chasin' yer twin brothers away from the forest."
real or even possible.
pale green by now. Hermione crossed his fingers under the table and a
pain to stop him from doing a curse.
"No, no, no," said Harry. "No, we're not. Why don't you go to bed,
"This way!" Hermione mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to
of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the end. They

like an eagle up there -- he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent

The other two stared at him. He was pale and his eyes were glittering.

"You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?" said
come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Hermione

found out even if you hadn't told him."
Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was



and ends up setting fire to his bed."
He left.


week. Smoke kept furling out of its nostrils. Hagrid hadn't been doing
open- mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead. Most of them had never
"All right -please."
"Give that here, Malfoy," said Hermione quietly. Everyone stopped talking
"Here I come," he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.
threw a metal pipe at it. The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe
"I'm going to play," he told Ron and Harry. "If I don't, all the
"It's Monday," he told his mother. "The Great Humberto's on tonight. I
enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts

"Potter, I know what I'm talking about," she said shortly. She bent down
So he knew. The feeling suddenly surged back into Hermione's legs. He
as Harry. They piled so much homework on them that the Easter
"I'm going out of here tonight and I'm going to try and get to the Stone
He waited until Quirrell's footsteps had disappeared, then peered into
Hermione and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy's
Hermione stared.
wasn't true, because Neville was looking stunned and hurt. Poor,

quickly down the corridor.
Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he


"-- a what?" gasped Hermione.
have form only when I can share another's body... but there have always

"We should have gotten more than ten points," Ron grumbled.
"But --"
But even Quidditch had lost its fun. The rest of the team wouldn't speak
events must be taken into account."
Dursleys were his only family. Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped)
a closer look at the egg. "It must've cost you a fortune."
knees weren't going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.


clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing. Professor McGonagall slammed
I told the evil git how ter get past Fluffy! I told him! It was the only

Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris


flattering voice. Hagrid's beard twitched and they could tell he was
All at once there was a scraping noise and the egg split open. The baby
4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)
to one side. He looked as if he'd been knocked out.
Hermione, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down

over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.
First-year students will require:
day. After all, to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great
sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting
"So -- new Gryffindors! I hope you're going to help us win the house
afraid of With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won't touch you. Anyway,
I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we can't bend the
A few people laughed; Hermione caught Seamus's eye, and Seamus winked.




and Professor McGonagall says that's a very imprecise branch of magic."
place tonight."

The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and
at each other, very scared, until they couldn't hear anything but the
into a corner of the room.
"OUT!" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Hermione and Dudley by the


"They'll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have lost loads
imagine. I think they should keep it in the old wizarding families.
their hands, now that Norbert was off them. No more dragon -- Malfoy in
it, I suppose, or maybe he just liked killin' by then. But he couldn't
him. Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus
Hagrid's going to be in when someone finds out what he's doing --"
"I've decided to call him Norbert," said Hagrid, looking at the dragon
here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:
She raised her wand.
on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to

come they did. To their great surprise, both he and Ron passed with good
THE MIRROR OF ERISED
necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces. After what seemed like

receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking... no, he was
its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through
they'd just chained up.
Hermione was going to ask Ron if he'd had any of the treacle tart, but he
Ron and Harry joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in
Hermione's last month with the Dursleys wasn't fun. True, Dudley was now so
He made sure Peeves wasn't inside before shutting the door behind them,
"Blasted thing*," Snape was saying. "How are you supposed to keep your
away from me!"
it onto an empty seat.

"Oh, no," said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.


like "Mimblewimble." Hagrid stared wildly at Hermione.
Hermione was rubbing his forehead.
folded neatly underneath them. There was a note pinned to it:
pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling
A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather
seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his
had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many
The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea

Love,
"No post on Sundays," he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade
Hermione ignored her. Blood was pounding in his ears. He mounted the broom
trouble, send up red sparks, an' we'll all come an' find yeh -- so, be

turned up in Godric's Hollow. He went to find the Potters. The rumor is
agree."
face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble.
"There's a Ministry of Magic?" Hermione asked, before he could stop
This specimen was bred in the zoo. "Oh, I see -- so you've never been to
Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.
"I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Filch says you were
shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.

a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I
Hagrid frowned at him.

again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his


"I think he's brilliant," said Hermione coldly.

chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from

People stared more than ever on the train. Hagrid took up two seats and
"You can't --"
"Lucky!" shrieked Harry. "Look at you both!"
A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.
Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place?
it?"

particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
ordinary people. Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles
"Good Lord," said the bartender, peering at Hermione, "is this -- can this
"Er -- I need to be at King's Cross tomorrow to -- to go to Hogwarts."
They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time came for him to say

her head under her wing. He couldn't stop stammering his thanks,




nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she

"What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?"
triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking will lose

Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad

Those cunning folk use any means

Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out.

He finally tore his eyes away from the druidess Cliodna, who was
famous and I can't even remember what I'm famous for. I don't know what
The following week dragged by. Wednesday night found Harry and Hermione


ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner

Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the
she's got no friends."
Harry stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without

I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Snape. He crossed the


"AAAARGH!"
told Hagrid all about Charlie's work with dragons, Hermione picked up a
other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school. Dudley


He'd forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of
the path became almost impossible to follow because the trees were so
Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and
because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.
dear," and Hermione, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy,

behind his back.
up at Hogwarts, with its windows glowing red in the setting sun.
full strength and power -- something that will mean you can never die.
looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly
Hermione stared at the back of Firenze's head, which was dappled silver in


"Snape's," said Hermione. "What do we have to do?"
Hermione's in front of him -- and they had an owl.
"Still famous," said Ron, grinning at him.

accidents even with both feet on the ground.

Hermione didn't sleep all night. He could hear Neville sobbing into his

"Yeah," said Ron, "and lucky Hermione doesn't lose his head in a crisis --
this thing goes. Give the flute to Harry so she can keep him asleep."


The Dursleys had never exactly starved Hermione, but he'd never been
you have come round, they have been extremely worried."
"Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something
almost flew, back down the corridor. Filch must have hurried off to look
ter sleep --"
against the table, and gasped, "Troll -- in the dungeons -- thought you
Ron let go of the front of Malfoy's robes.

Halloween like that, for all I knew you'd seen me coming to look at what
They both looked up. It was Harry Granger.
not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch....
The troll stopped a few feet from Harry. It lumbered around, blinking

the red Quaffle. Hermione noticed that they seemed to be straining to
I'm waiting."
was almost hidden beneath all Dudley's birthday presents. It looked as
with the rest of the teachers?"

As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Hermione's mind
inside him had got a puncture.


Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four.
air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that
friends Misters Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to

swapping rumors."
over his hands, smoother than silk, light as air. Use it well, the note
questions about batty old wizards who'd invented selfstirring cauldrons
"Nope," said Ron. "Hermione hasn't had much to do yet."
splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been
a second chance --"
Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see


which was the open trapdoor, "it's a soft landing, you can jump!"
Quirrell rounded on Hermione.
"Give us a look, Lee, go on."
say, what are you all doing here?"

there are dragons at Gringotts?"
"See," he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, "if
Filch. Hermione and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their
she had, to get them out of trouble. It was as if Snape had started

But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink
the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.
anythin', let me know, won't yeh? We'll be off, then."
clearing. Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks
something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages,
"I'll never remember this," Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down
Harry looked convinced, but Ron didn't.

thought this was very funny.
Gryffindor won, they would move up into second place in the house
glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.

out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row ("If Filch had
"S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and
nagging at the back of his mind all day. Not until he climbed into bed

"That's why yer late, is it?" said Hagrid, frowning at Filch. "Bin
A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as
Mr. Ollivander had come so close that he and Hermione were almost nose to
reasons for being invisible."
a little chat, and agreed it's all for the best."
"Isn't he beautiful?" Hagrid murmured. He reached out a hand to stroke
anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but

but they don't think they took anything, that's what's odd. 'Course,

Dear Hermione,
terrible face Hermione had ever seen. It was chalk white with glaring red
"So the Stone's gone?" said Ron finally. "Flamel's just going to die?"

Malkin's shop alone, feeling nervous.
send you a toilet seat. No doubt they thought it would amuse you. Madam
anything to be up here. Today he'd rather be back in his cupboard with
"I almost told your brother," Harry snapped, "Percy -- he's a

number four on the Dursleys' front door; it crept into their living
broken at least twice. This man's name was Albus Dumbledore.

The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Hermione, Ron, and





Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy

got yeh this..."
clean game, so Snape hasn't got an excuse to pick on us."
"I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find -- how about --
"George!"
longest-ever punishment. By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard
it was the grayish white of old porridge.
the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.
"Do you not see that unicorn?" Firenze bellowed at Bane. "Do you not
I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have

of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field. The Nimbus Two

Quidditch match, that's why he's doing this."

for Gryffindor, didn't it? And where's Malfoy? In stinking Slytherin."

with Neville. When it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR," Neville ran off
Harry Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was. This

what she had fer a sister!"
Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to
A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped

very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Hermione
"Exactly," said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his
Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander... but I don't know

"Weird!" he said, 'NMat a shape! This is money?"
"Flew?"
"I just wondered if I could have my book back."
"Come on, cheer up, it's nearly Christmas," said Hagrid. "Tell yeh what,
cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down


"Why not?"

a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, "Don't be sorry, my dear sir,
"Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago," she said coldly. "He

"Hurry up!" their mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the
" Brocklehurst, Mandy" went to Ravenclaw too, but "Brown, Lavender"



wizard or about my parents or Voldemort"
"I want Fang," said Malfoy quickly, looking at Fang's long teeth.

-- werewolves, I heard."
his new chess set by losing spectacularly to Ron. He suspected he
was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits
"Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the troll if

Hermione realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.
desperate, Hermione asked for the train that left at eleven o'clock, but
"Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing Voldemort cannot
damp and empty. There were only two rooms.
remembered: "Sir! The Stone! It was Quirrell! He's got the Stone! Sir,
the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reason to tell them off

fight what seems a losing battle next time -- and if he is delayed
Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbets finally flew off
through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him -and in a rush of
stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing
out of sight.
in the middle, nothing at all.
Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students,

"Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said Ron, and they left
move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle --

"Yes... look..."
came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.
would commit such a crime. The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive,
catch one.

to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.
Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted -- so did Fang. The hooded
Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Hermione had seen in the forest,
"Catch it if you can, then!" he shouted, and he threw the glass ball

"Well enough. Look, I've jus' bin askin' Ronan, you seen anythin' odd in
other ten feet away. A lamp flared.
where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things

first."
"Right then," said Hagrid, "now, listen carefully, 'cause it's dangerous
Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock like
Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the
another escalator, out into Paddington station; Hermione only realized
"Harry, the exams are ages away."

"Stalagmite's got an 'm' in it," said Hagrid. "An' don' ask me questions
body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face,
"Thanks," said Hermione, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.
SMASH!
"We'll just have to --" Hermione began, but a voice suddenly rang across
the door and up the next passageway.

Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Hermione got into line
"No, we don't mind," he said. "You'd think we dragged her along,


school? But he didn't know any magic yet -- what on earth would he have
the holidays? Bit keen, aren't yeh?"
He started to walk toward it. People jostled him on their way to


some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and

as any of the ghosts. The students all hated him, and it was the dearest
Hermione felt himself go red.


ceiling.
cold fury in her voice. Hermione looked at Ron, who was still standing with


"So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, Sir," he said greasily. "My

of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of
"That's the house Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who was in?"

run."
"I didn't know it was called that, Sir."
"No," said Hermione.



in here, students aren' s'pposed ter know. They'll think I've told yeh
"Right. It's time. Good luck, all of you."
"So?" said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable. "She must've noticed
inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
decent broom, Professor -- a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven,
High and he'll be grateful for it. I've read those letters and he needs
Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short, gray hair, and
key, slam the door, and lock it.
"Oh, you're going to fight us, are you?" Malfoy sneered.

Dursley. The Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about
Hermione followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his

Hermione was reminded of Gringotts. With an unpleasant jolt of the heart,
and seventy- two."
to protect you.... Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have
see."
Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding




the paint flashed different colors.

"No," Hermione said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.
An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like
a bezoar?"
tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Harry came
"What about her?"

"But Snape always seemed to hate me so much."
for him."
"Comb your hair!" he barked, by way of a morning greeting.
shaking with laughter.


lecturin' them, eh? 'Snot your place ter do that. Yeh've done yer bit,

cheek, Potter."
"I'm going to be a knight," said Ron.
Hermione and Ron wouldn't have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the

Where's Mommy?"
Another will transport the drinker back instead,
studyin' outta books but then he took a year off ter get some firsthand
"It bit me!" he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a
What Hermione feared most was that he might not be able to find the mirror
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
"See?" said Hagrid. "Hermione Potter, not a wizard -- you wait, you'll be
Those patient Hufflepuffis are true And unafraid of toil;

"How?" said Harry nervously.

Snape's lips curled into a sneer.

himself.
"What's this?" he asked Aunt Petunia. Her lips tightened as they always
"Welcome," said Hagrid, "to Diagon Alley."
thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the
"A what?"

Harry read the paper several times. Then she walked up and down the

for yeh!"
Hermione tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn't move.

wasn't listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.
air."
few drinks an' got into a game o' cards with a stranger. Think he was
"Finch-Fletchley, Justin!"


Hermione wasn't sure he could explain. He'd just had the best birthday of
while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs. Owls

glee. "Should've thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble,
Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it
again, and again, why, he may never return to power."
interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.
than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.
He bought Hermione a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat
Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like
I must lie, he thought desperately. I must look and lie about what I
Hermione was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell
Hermione suddenly realized that the tape measure, which was measuring
Baron's becoming almost unbearable -- he's the Slytherin ghost."
laugh.

Will always find their kind;
might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him. The pain in his head


himself. "What does this mirror do? How does it work? Help me, Master!"
determined not to mention anything to his wife.
Dumbledore nodded glumly.

unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice. "It all gets so


knee and drooled all over his robes.
stay below and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it. Right,
up at the school?"

small hole appeared -- it grew wider and wider -- a second later they
Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the

I'll take over from here."
he?"
Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.
The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest
just not the same, they've never been brought up to know our ways. Some

Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. "Listen, Hermione, would yeh mind if I
money. He was just taking Hermione through the finer points of the game
again tonight. He had almost forgotten about Flamel. It didn't seem very
winning the house cup for the seventh year in a row. A huge banner

just stay put in photos."
hides many secrets."
open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in. Hermione stuffed the cloak
in at last.
the classroom. It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end.
very good omen. In their nervous state, every statue's shadow looked


"Is he -- a bit mad?" he asked Percy uncertainly.
not until next week, folks! But I can promise a wet night tonight."
Where those of wit and learning,
Hermione felt as if Devil's Snare was rooting him to the spot. He couldn't
ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an' Dumbledore
classroom in front of them.
Charlie's friends were a cheery lot. They showed Hermione and Harry the
it.
whirled around. His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the
cork shot out of a bottle -- twelve feet -- twenty feet. Hermione saw his
so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.
his wand in the air. "You're lucky you weren't killed. Why aren't you in



"Bye," said Hermione and Ron. The twins slid the compartment door shut
"If either of you get us caught, I'll never rest until I've learned that
Professor McGonagall turned to Hermione and Ron.
"Sorry," he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. It


had blocked Hermione on purpose, and Hermione's broom spun off course, Hermione
"He might have died and you wouldn't know the difference," said Ron in
Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large
said Ron, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and George. Can I come
wrist, told Hermione he'd be eleven in ten minutes' time. He lay and

Harry and Neville were suffering, too. They didn't have as bad a time
sandwiches inside. He pulled one of them apart and said, "She always



have a window open? I'm boiling."
But they didn't.
the rock crumbling into the sea?
Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into


"Maybe he thought he could persuade 'em... maybe he just wanted 'em
"I'm not going to do anything," said Hermione, "honestly..
is there?"

"Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said Hagrid, pulling a large book

a baby, after all."

"Good idea," said Ron nervously.


"They've never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have
through her long, pointed nose.
"Yes," said Hermione. "The thing is -- the thing is, I don't know how to
cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk. I just hope
Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection
"Go on."

gigantic feet. Ron pointed -- at the end of a passage to the left,

There was no signature. Hermione stared at the note. Ron was admiring the
Hermione tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak
Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Hermione told the other
Where dwell the brave at heart,
"Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right
"Will you stop saying the name!" Ron hissed.
DIAGON ALLEY


wrongly before now, even by centaurs. I hope this is one of those
Uncle Vernon seized Hermione around the waist and threw him into the hall.
right into that barrier and then he'd be in trouble -- leaning forward
yeh mind not mentionin' it at Hogwarts?"
him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?"
The repaired alarm clock rang at six o'clock the next morning. Hermione
Voldemort." Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was
With a last look at Hermione, the twins hopped off the train.
tell me why you're here, of all places?"
"NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldn't say nothing if you didn't say
"See what I have become?" the face said. "Mere shadow and vapor ... I

Harry shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.
Things couldn't have been worse.

"Ron, you've got something on your nose."
solid.

Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he





Stone's here fer a good reason. It Was almost stolen outta Gringotts - I
was trying to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to

return to power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to
"Devil's Snare, Devil's Snare... what did Professor Sprout say? -- it
Malfoy had seen the dragon.
that seemed the sort of thing -- noticing that everyone in the hall was

"See?" Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate
now."

"Go to Professor McGonagall!" Harry urged Neville. "Report him!"
back, it's best if I keep me mouth shut," said Hagrid.
woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out.
open.



"It's okay!" he called up to the light the size of a postage stamp,
Uncle Vernon's courage failed again; he flattened himself against the
Dumbledore." "Why were you expelled?"

"Which means, Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even
"Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here."
"Call me Hagrid," he said, "everyone does. An' like I told yeh, I'm
enraged to see that a couple of them weren't young at all; why, that man

through the grounds to the edge of the forest. Hagrid greeted them,
hatching?"
and Ron didn't talk much. Both of them were thinking about what they
desktop. Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and


and my aunt and uncle -- so who sent these?"
"Shut up, Malfoy," snapped Parvati Patil.

Dudley were still in the room. Dudley wasn't used to being ignored. He

anything ourselves we'll be thrown out for sure."
"You're going out again," he said.
"Who? "
off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must have hurt, hit in the back of
to lower their voices as they insulted him. Slytherins, on the other

He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he
"Er -- okay," said Hermione.
but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel,

but the way Hagrid goes on about it, you'd think it was a fluffy little
All Hermione could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him
just now, I think I'm gonna be sick."
"Hermione, you need your strength," said Seamus Finnigan. "Seekers are
"You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said
him. Where's Dumbledore's office?"

pointing to a very lumpy parcel. "My mom. I told her you didn't expect
Weather's horrible. Hope you're Well.

There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or
"What's this stuff?" were his first words.
"Nine and three-quarters!" piped a small girl, also red-headed, who was

boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.



"Who'd be writing to you?" sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open

Snape's face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to


Hermione had a sudden idea.

As Hermione and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets

"Don't tell me what I can and can't do, Potter. Now get back to bed, all
"Fifty?" Hermione gasped -- they would lose the lead, the lead he'd won in
Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.
sent them. Hermione's knees were trembling. What if they lost?

players move.
that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right''

"It's not funny. And look after Ron."
roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon
another feather -- just one other. It is very curious indeed that you
"Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well?"
about the Sorcerer's tone --"
feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn
"How touching..." it hissed. "I always value bravery... Yes, boy, your

--
Dudley's watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat

wished Ron would put his wand down.
a muffled voice. "An' I've packed his teddy bear in case he gets


set fire to it -- Hermione had to put it out with his hat.
"Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you," she said, once they were all
she did have were Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, Drooble's Best

the most miserable little shack you could imagine. One thing was

Oh, Albus..."
small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.

one."

their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lo st them all those points,
gotten a detention, too.

"I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are."

his sweater.
Arts! Losing points doesn't matter anymore, can't you see? D'you think
funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?"

will make the drinker immortal.



hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort's yells of, "KILL HIM!
wouldn't be so bad. His relief must have showed in his -face, because
Harry sat together next to a window. Harry was checking Hermione and

"Knuts?"

complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your
who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his
her mouth open with terror.

"Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power,
"Three Chasers," Hermione repeated, as Wood took out a bright red ball
upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room. He

"You must be Hermione's family!" said Mrs. Weasley.
hissing fires all over the hall.
Hogwarts not knowin'."

"Come back, boy!" she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a

crowd. No sign of the Snitch yet, eh?"
wounded dog.
nodded. He pulled the door open.



sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed
"My name is Firenze," he added, as he lowered himself on to his front

Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.

the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. He rolled onto his
couldn't go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door,
Harry was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone.
"So -- back again, Hermione?"
parking meters and saying loudly, "See that, Hermione? Things these Muggles
Two among our number hold only nettle wine,
just remembered -- Charlie's letter was in that book Malfoy took, he's
"It's sort of secret," he said, but he wished at once he hadn't, because
who says the centaurs are right? It sounds like fortune-telling to me,
"Everywhere else is full."
"It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said Hagrid
rather ruffled-looking owl -- a long quill, and a roll of parchment.

Hermione pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar. Ron stared.


with flat, horny feet. The smell coming from it was incredible. It was
something he'd forgotten to do, something important. When he tried to
"You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no -- even the Muggles



"Crabbe," he said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy
"Oh, shut up," said Harry, but she agreed to go and watch out for

it mean, they await my owl?"

themselves -- they were a hundred points up. "Third -- to Mr. Hermione
But the others wouldn't let Professor Quirrell keep Hermione to himself. It

Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,

every flavor, they mean every flavor -- you know, you get all the
"Trevor!" cried Neville blissfully, holding out his hands. Then they

off... Well, I suppose Bane'll be happy."
the king, Hermione!"
There was a loud "Oooooh!"
"I know you haven 't, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half
scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.
mine's always maroon."
yourselves."
be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!"



usually gives us a reason why we're not allowed to go somewhere -- the
ceiling.
shouted at Hermione for about half an hour and then told him to go and make



a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve -- back to


corner was Dudley's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot
Hermione leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on
had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow
"Call him Voldemort, Hermione. Always use the proper name for things. Fear

couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.
this boy! -- knows nothin' abou' -- about ANYTHING?"
boy in Madam Malkin's.
Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan. He looked skyward. "Mars is

"Never at Hogwarts. We've had a couple of broken jaws but nothing worse



scared of Hermione he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia

around the corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the
stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted.
He could see the High Table properly now. At the end nearest him sat

put up with Malfoy much. Or at least, they didn't until they spotted a


"Hermione, everyone says Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was ever
It was Peeves. He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight.

"That's friendly," said Hermione.
Hermione. Hermione had never seen her look so angry. Her lips were white.
looking. This was supposed to be good training for later life.


"Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow."
"Just five minutes," Hermione pleaded.
broomstick, trying to see through the leaves. Below, in a shadowy

looked tearful.
Hermione unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up the card. It showed a
Hermione woke early the next morning. Although he could tell it was
his life -- and yet -- he chewed his hamburger, trying to find the
Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat
thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which


with magic in 'em in a long line 0' Muggles -- look at yer mum! Look
stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn't realize
were the only things in the room that looked as though they'd never been
holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said Fred
stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron and the others becoming
And now, bedtime. Off you trot!"
"STOP! I FORBID YOU!" yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.
sunrise. Experts are unable to explain why the owls have suddenly
"We've got to go and see Hagrid, now."

only Dumbledore had given Hermione just one more point.
get off to bed?"

himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh


"You don't have to --"
back into bed. The dog was guarding something.... What had Hagrid said?
keep running into Snape wherever he went. At times, he even wondered
crept by.
tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold
Suddenly, in a clearing ahead, something definitely moved.
wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed
will be enough -- I'm Harry Granger, by the way, who are you.
he put it back in his pocket and said, "Hagrid's late. I suppose it was
As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. After all,
The white queen turned her blank face toward him.
feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the
Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.
Hermione!"


I'm going to drag them off to took at racing brooms. I don't see why
Miss Granger's done it!"
He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking
More silence followed this little speech. Hermione and Ron exchanged looks
"We'll be lucky ter catch anythin' now, with the racket you two were
looks, because of Hedwig. He'd have to ask someone.
it, the other a G.
three-quarters."


Potter, we owe you one!"

Ron couldn't resist it.


put a pointed wizard's hat. This hat was patched and frayed and
And Quirrell, though pinning Hermione to the ground with his knees, let go
"--and you mustn't go wandering around the school at night, think of the

s'ppose yeh've worked that out an' all? Beats me how yeh even know abou'
"Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Harry muttered as Ron
Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.... I suppose that's written
opposite them. He had his eyes fixed on Hermione and was muttering nonstop
of the rain I promised yesterday, they've had a downpour of shooting
Hermione felt terrible. In an hour's time he'd be walking onto the field.
Both Hermione and Ron stood up.
Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.
Hermione didn't move.
Hermione. Aunt Petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to
"Follow me, you two," said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up
"Las' time I saw you, you was only a baby," said the giant. "Yeh look a
He came ter yer house an' -- an' --"
chestnut body with a long, reddish tail. Hermione and Harry's jaws
exhausted, their throats sore. But the night's surprises weren't over.

of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt
Hermione bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a distance there was no
nervous, never, not even when he'd had to take a school report home to


"Tut, tut -- fame clearly isn't everything."
and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed
long. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made


save up twig by twig."

cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to

the postcard.
smiling. "We only wondered who had done the guarding, really." Harry
thought Voldemort could hear them.
hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon
"Broken wrist," Hermione heard her mutter. "Come on, boy -- it's all right,
television. He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and

wand. It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the

down on them. At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs.

wand cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) set

"Typical," said Hermione darkly. "Just what I always wanted. To make a fool
You just wait. All right, we'll take you to King's Cross. We're going up

"I think I know who that one's from," said Ron, turning a bit pink and
great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you

"Oooooooh!" he said, with an evil cackle. "Ickle Firsties! What fun!"
Blacks. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you.
She turned to the rest of the class.
Doris Crockford shook Hermione's hand one last time, and Hagrid led them
you?"

And don't get in a flap!
went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me
boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling. For some reason, the back of
When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called,
"Good evening to you, Hagrid," said Ronan. He had a deep, sorrowful
and poked her head inside.


whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on
It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Hermione that Dumbledore
"Always wanted to shake your hand -- I'm all of a flutter."
ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron.
Where you ought to be.

Then a small voice came out of the shadows.
Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it

"Tokens from your friends and admirers," said Dumbledore, beaming. "What
He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was smiling
front door.
pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab
Wood? thought Hermione, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on
questions."
twisted smile.
"He is with me wherever I go," said Quirrell quietly. "I met him when I
the floor. "Right then, Mr. Potter. Try this one. Beechwood and dragon
where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.




Hermione sank down next to the bowl of peas. "What did you talk to him
the dark leaves.
They didn't meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the
"Not if I can help it," said Harry grimly. "Flitwick told me in
"Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?" Seamus whispered.
walking all over people, but that's no reason to lie down in front of
from one of the Weasleys' wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to
holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its

Hermione handed the flute over. In the few seconds' silence, the dog

lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm
"Now, what's the platform number?" said the boys' mother.

He asked a bit about the sorta creatures I took after... so I told
he had no choice. The cut had turned a nasty shade of green. It looked
Bludgers.
his neck prickled. The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle
to do? He hadn't expected something like this the moment they arrived.
weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large
Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the
The pain had gone as quickly as it had come. Harder to shake off was the
got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was, "Who are
"Who's there?" he said suddenly as they climbed toward him. He narrowed
Silvery stuff? That's unicorn blood. There's a unicorn in there bin hurt

"Resign?" Wood thundered. "What good'll that do? How are we going to get
took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the

Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one, the ghosts floated away

you'd better dodge it, because I can't remember how to block them."

happen. The wand chooses the wizard, remember.... I think we must expect



was a nasty bit o' trouble with a hag -- never been the same since.
"What they're saying," she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort
followed.
With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the
him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Hermione's face. "What's the
and slammed them down on the table.
for nothing could upset me today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at

seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig.
Hermione nodded silently. He didn't have a clue what was going on, but he
old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate
"I don't know how the Muggles manage without magic," he said as they


"Five, you mean, once she's taken off Harry's."
the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.
"Just the one?"
while he apologized over and over again. Piers and Dudley could only



impatiently. "Unusually bright."
amazement.

They landed quickly, and Hermione ran to the door, the key struggling in
slipped his wand up his sleeve.

Pomfrey -- would she recognize a dragon bite? By the afternoon, though,
CHAPTER TWO
Harry had already jumped. She landed on Hermione's other side.
platforms with a nasty grin on his face.

The last thing Hermione saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the


"Just a bit of toast," wheedled Harry.

"We've had Sprout's, that was the Devil's Snare; Flitwick must've put
asleep.
"Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going
I don't think so," said Hermione, I think it's just been knocked out."
"Ah, now, I'm glad you asked me that. It was one of my more brilliant
The forest is not safe at this time -- especially for you. Can you ride?
score a goal. Ten points every time the Quaffle goes through one of the
The train pulled out of the station. Hermione wanted to watch Hagrid until
his Smelting stick all the way down the hall. Then he shouted, "There's

They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across



owls, they're dead useful, carry yer mail an' everythin'."

dozen feasts and parties on my way here."
They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.
Hermione couldn't sit down. He paced up and down in front of the fire. He
"Wow," Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Hermione's bedspread.
"Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Hermione.




'there's no wood,' honestly."
library, he held up his lamp to read the titles.
There was no alternative.

"Thank you!"
Hagrid grunted.
Deputy Headmistress
"And did he -- did he seem interested in Fluffy?" Hermione asked, try ing
"We were --" Hermione began, without any idea what he was going to say.
Neville clutched the sleeve of Hermione's robe and made a choking noise.
"I never expected this," he said, in a low, worried voice. "I had no
"But if their house was destroyed --"

that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last
cloak, I won't need it now."

"I don't know," said Hermione, realizing this for the first time. He pulled

donkeys after stray humans in our forest!"
"Fluffy?"
You-Know-Who has gone -"
the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes,
denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion --
that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Hermione didn't know
unwrap his turban. What was going on? The turban fell away. Quirrell's

Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. Percy nearly broke his

a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes. Madam

force Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past
the castle. He was going to be expelled, he just knew it. He wanted to
"But yeh must know about yet mom and dad," he said. "I mean, they're
Hermione looked down at his empty gold plate. He had only just realized how


"Oh, Hermione, we were sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried

properly again. Harry did a sort of jig.
feeling Hermione had gotten from the teacher's look -- a feeling that he
A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.





letter. Surely that meant they'd try again? And this time he'd make sure

"A wizard, o' course," said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which
couldn't sleep. He shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable,
"Hermione Potter," said Hermione.
on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees
of the way. The woman stared.
and a frown.
Levi-o-sa, make the 'gar' nice and long."
Neville's arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang together. His whole
hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying
teeth, but Hermione and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told
things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous

wall to stop his knees from trembling.
answers anyway.
that Hermione really wanted, even if It made him sick. Hermione piled his
the Stone, Voldemort's coming back! Haven't you heard what it was like

learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of
Hermione's heart did a somersault.
was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn't want
ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart,

fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of

and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow. Nice wand for charm
afternoon.

"There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said
"I really don't think they should let the other sort in, do you? They're
possible to their hot cauldrons.

On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin


"Hey, Ron."
from concentrating on the mirror.
Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he



lips.

all yer stuff fer school."
could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam
interesting as Ron found him.
"I forbid you to ask him, Fred. No, don't you dare. As though he needs
"I am resting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on, Madam
"Oh, I will," said Hermione, and they were surprised at the grin that was
astonishing things to happen. Hermione Potter rolled over inside his
seconds, the sound faded away.
"You never told him? Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore

Hedwig.
For those who take, but do not earn,
"Well -- I was lucky once, wasn't I?" said Hermione, pointing at his scar.
from Hermione's headmistress telling them Hermione had been climbing school

"You've forgotten something..."



It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Hermione's

yes, they will die."
off the spindly chair.
McGonagall had seen. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert
What did you say you've got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?" Ron
"It was, sir, yes," said Hagrid.
"Best be Off, Hermione, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an' buy
"See Professor Dumbledore?" Professor McGonagall repeated, as though


"You -- Potter -- why didn't you tell him not to add the quills? Thought
"Found the perfect place!" he said. "Come on! Everyone out!"



Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. Harry
in our family to go to Hogwarts. You could say I've got a lot to live up
six hoops, isn't it?"

"Do you?" said the boy, with a slight sneer. "Why is he with you? Where
ought to know."
roof wasn't going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did.

took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At last, Hagrid

"Ahern -- just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. I
"Every year she makes us a sweater," said Ron, unwrapping his own, "and
Must pay most dearly in their turn.

so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave
more thing, however."
trembling. "What happened?" Harry asked him, leading him over to sit
"Bad news, Vernon," she said. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't
would never know.



really can't afford to lose any more points, can it?"
Hermione and staring at him. "Light -- speedy -- we'll have to get him a
WHAT IT'S DOING!"
get the letters for number four first. His heart hammered as he crept
Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet,
was something you couldn't learn by heart out of a book -- not that she
Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs,



watching. They weren't. He looked back at the snake and winked, too.

with one hand and glancing at it. His face went from red to green faster
"We'd noticed," said Harry faintly.
two compartments to themselves --"
potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope. Then they visited
the moonlight.
Mr. Ollivander moved closer to Hermione. Hermione wished he would blink. Those
"So I suppose you think that's a reward for breaking rules?" came an
He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the
"Is it -- dead?"
course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the


Petunia was how he had gotten it.
"Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,"
4 Privet Drive
Hagrid could see it. Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered
it sounded a bit like an owl.
Hermione didn't miss a single one, and Wood was delighted. After half an
the house cup. Everywhere Hermione went, people pointed and didn't trouble
"It's -- it's true?" faltered Professor McGonagall. "After all he's
just in time? Where was it now? And did Hagrid know something about
asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as
rare, them."
case they're ever needed.... Right, off we go, and don't think of
him. The evil face was now smiling.
because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist
"Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly,
had been sent up. Harry, however, stood alone by the door, waiting
"Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone
Quirrell's voice trailed away. Hermione was remembering his trip to Diagon
mistake, my mistake -- I didn't see you -- of course I didn't, you're
Potter..." said Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet for pure nerve

Hermione told Hagrid about Snape's lesson. Hagrid, like Ron, told Hermione not
still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.
"Do we -- er -- have to join you to get across?" The black knight
"Percy!" hissed Ron, pulling Hermione behind a large stone griffin.
back doors so no one could go out. He hummed "Tiptoe Through the Tulips"

recognized the figure's prowling walk. Snape, sneaking into the forest
but it was impossible. The rattling cart seemed to know its own way,

Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall --" he

Ron's nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety
I'll be in Slytherin, all our family have been -- imagine being in
"I can't," said Hagrid. "He's too little. He'd die."

low buzz of chatter stopped when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know
flying tips she'd gotten out of a library book called Quidditch Through


"Haven't I told you he's not going?" he hissed. "He's going to Stonewall
dragon flopped onto the table. It wasn't exactly pretty; Hermione thought
talking-to the moment they sat down in her first class.
years. Quite apart from wanting to win, Hermione found that he had fewer
end.
From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school,
coming through! Excuse me, I'm a prefect!"

want it? You can start collecting."

They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for
Shaking, Hermione moved three spaces to the left.
pulled the handle, but it was locked.
"Morning," said Hagrid to a free goblin. "We've come ter take some money
"HUFFLEPUFF!"
Harry had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Hermione
growled and twitched, but the moment Harry began to play, it fell
Hermione had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him

umbrella?"
chicken blood every half hour. An' see here -- how ter recognize
Mars Bars as he could carry -- but the woman didn't have Mars Bars. What
that weren't really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending. It
Hermione as Seeker next. Then he'd realized that nobody found this funny,
collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.

Hermione felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog,
don't you try her?"
"Be quiet, Ginny, and it's rude to point."
handle," Malfoy snapped back. "I suppose you and your brothers have to
As Hermione helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their

they were too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin' ter do with the
ground like some stalking beast. Hermione, Malfoy, and Fang stood

the touch, like water woven into material.
that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom. It only took Hermione one trip

we need is here on this paper. Seven bottles: three are poison; two are
"Shut up, Peeves -- please -- you'll get us thrown out."
"Budge up there, move along."
that Hagrid sat on to wait. Hermione felt strangely as though he had
"Now, you two -- this year, you behave yourselves. If I get one more owl
THE FORIBIDDEN FOREST
dragon egg! I'll never drink again! I should be chucked out an' made ter


at once. He didn't feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be
"Well... Voldemort said that he only killed my mother because she tried

It was a sort of snuffling.
still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it
Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and Harry were a
spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been
telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned

than a set of traffic lights. And it didn't stop there. Within seconds
It was all delicious.



thickset and looked extremely mean. Standing on either side of the pale
clearly not as fierce as he looked.
attention and pointed at himself.

a cup of tea. Hermione shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the
"Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Harry.
to the Dark Side! I'm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing
high out of his reach. Aunt Petunia took it curiously and read the first

the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop. He was looking at Hermione with
down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at
He looked in the mirror again. A woman standing right behind his
Hermione was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them. He had just

so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, Piers and Dudley were

"Harry, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon
"This needs thinking about 	he said. I suppose we've got to take the



Come on, Harry!"
possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would

"C'mon, follow me -- any more firs' years? Mind yer step, now! Firs'

was lucky that Aunt Petunia didn't come in to vacuum anymore, because
nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp

A lamp flickered on. It was Harry Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe
forgets I don't like corned beef."
It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Hermione swore to himself not
First, however slyly the poison tries to hide
Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.
"We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Hermione.
made Hermione, Ron, and Harry very nervous. They spent most of their

faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green


"Well, so they say," said Hagrid. "Crikey, I'd like a dragon."
knew it was a dud."
"Rubbish," said Hagrid again. "Snape's a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do
down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.
hadn't learned all the course books by heart either.
Malfay certainly did talk about flying a lot. He complained loudly about
room, where he found Ron and Harry playing chess. Chess was the only
to get rid of Norbert. We'll have to risk it. And we have got the

cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe

around Hermione's neck -- Hermione's scar was almost blinding him with pain,

Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.
what was facing them. Underneath the cloak, Hermione turned to the other
people would trip.
The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up.
A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years.
"Bet you could," Ron muttered.
behind them.
wondering if you could tell us what's guarding the Sorcerer's Stone
strange and exciting than the wild rumors. Hermione told them everything:
was. He was rattled. He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping

forbidden forest. Hermione's victory faded from his mind as he watched. He
barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy
know why, but they made him uneasy. This bunch were whispering

"Idiot boy!" snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one

another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl -- a real, live,
unable to keep the fear out of his voice.

"You could have woken me up," said Ron, crossly.



finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round
outta Mr. Hermione Potter's safe."
"Where do you come from, anyway?" Hermione asked.

It looked like an unused classroom. The dark shapes of desks and chairs
Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Hermione another note from Hagrid.
through the door. "Who's writing to me?"

The door swung open at once. A tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green
joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds. "I needn't have
"I'm serious, Hermione, don't go."
"Gulpin' gargoyles, Hermione, people are still scared. Blimey, this is

he was gettin' more an' more powerful -- why'd he go?
world --" And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the
whether Snape was following him, trying to catch him on his own. Potions
for. Would you care for a lemon drop?"

Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,
"My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him
lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon's sister Marge, who was

THE VANISHING GLASS

"Good afternoon," said a soft voice. Hermione jumped. Hagrid must have
"I know who you are!" said Ron suddenly. "My brothers told me about you

He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small

Suddenly, people were pointing up at Hermione all over the stands. His
filthy windows. Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second
And into the clearing came -- was it a man, or a horse? To the waist, a
slip sideways off the broom and --

hating your father's memory in peace...."

whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better
father didn't need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side." He turned to
"What am I studying for? Are you crazy? You realize we need to pass
listen to us prefects. Here we are."
Hermione stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape came around the corner
"Certainly. I have a special gift with trolls -- you must have seen what
Dumbledore turns up."
with some secret magic.
Ron gasped.

he who told you I'd be here, by the way?"
"Oh, come off it, you don't think we'd let you go alone?"
right, Hermione, Harry?"


matter?"

"Yeh've done wrong an' now yehve got ter pay fer it."
where're yeh goin'?"

reminded Hermione of the little plastic sticks Muggle

Neville.
for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent

face, he added quickly, "But people only die in proper duels, you know,

"It -- well -- it shows me my family --"
in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her
shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.
Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls



Dear Mr. Potter,
"Sent owls off ter all yer parents' old school friends, askin' fer



Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on
world. Some of them called:
they can't deliver them they'll just give up."
broomsticks and there's four balls -- sorta hard ter explain the rules."

"No, thank you," said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn't
tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignored him. He was still talking to
dormitory, about soccer. Ron couldn't see what was exciting about a game
"What's going on?"

"They didn' keep their gold in the house, boy! Nah, first stop fer us is
towering Gryffindor lion took its place. Snape was shaking Professor
One among us seven will let you move ahead,


Hermione was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching
voice cackled with laughter.

Professor McGonagall.
He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and
to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn't be

-- you're Nearly Headless Nick!"
choked and said, "Alas! Ear wax!"

over his head, knocking his glasses askew.

wrote. When they had left the shop, he said, "Hagrid, what's Quidditch?"
"Never mind that now," said Hermione breathlessly. "Let's find an empty

He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared
"Come on, run, run!" Hermione yelled at Harry, trying to pull her toward
only the owls that have been acting oddly today. Viewers as far apart as


Hagrid gave a weak chuckle. "Nah. Dumbledore gave me the day off
Astronomy. Hermione told them what he'd heard.
It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire.
had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out
To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:
his grandfathers nodding happily. Hermione sank down to sit on the floor in
father's cloak and everything?"
The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.
to taunting Hermione about having no proper family.
The Dursleys often spoke about Hermione like this, as though he wasn't


"Yeah -- but we'll go back in this. Not s'pposed ter use magic now I've

whatever we want..."
will give us some protection forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell,
Snape disliked him. By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew he'd
basket -- but propped against the wall facing him was something that
Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice session, Wood gave
them and their kind.... He couldn't see how he and Petunia could get

and it didn't improve his mood -- was the tabby cat he'd spotted that

show me your other brothers and everyone."
I see you are not to be distracted. Very well, the Stone. Professor


Hagrid?" said Hermione anxiously. "And you wouldn't tell anyone, would you?
so busy getting away from the library, he hadn't paid attention to where

Lucky they found Hagrid, don't you think? Why didn't I see it before?"

A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and


good for her.

Norbert."

to move around a lot. The people in the portraits kept going to visit
answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to, in which
Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other

leg.
"Get out of the way," snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a
When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an hour later,
Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars all over Britain?
"Can't stay long, Mother," he said. "I'm up front, the prefects have got

again."
"What world?"
"Quirrell said Snape --"
kitchen.

please, and can we go more slowly?"
could look more cheerful, Hermione, we've got a week before we find out how

"Aargh! It's all right, he only got my boot -- jus' playin' -- he's only
appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked
gloom. It felt as though he was sitting on some sort of plant.
"You're saying it wrong," Hermione heard Harry snap. "It's Wing-gar-dium

I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Hermione, remembering suddenly. "It
and what a waste of time, when after all that, I'm going to kill you
rich...."
"NEVER!"
They'd left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.


his broom... but he can't have...."


Three boys entered, and Hermione recognized the middle one at once: it was

Hermione, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at

the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.
Brazil?"
Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle
"I'm not as good as you," said Hermione, very embarrassed, as she let go of
train. They leaned out of the window for her to kiss them good-bye, and
friendly.
ordinary way. He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and

the door, but she couldn't move, she was still flat against the wall,
miles from the trophy room.
"She doesn't know about the troll."
footsteps behind them.
the page.
Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill,
beaverskin boots.
to think much about Flamel. They had the dormitory to themselves and the

"Please, Professor McGonagall -- they were looking for me."
ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact
Hermione and Harry stayed quiet, watching Ron think. Finally he said,

2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear
Marcus
coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.
troll's neck from behind. The troll couldn't feel Hermione hanging there,
"Well -- I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else."

The Quidditch season had begun. On Saturday, Hermione would be playing in
When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large

carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with
hour, night had really fallen and they couldn't carry on.
"Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he's looking so
"Absolutely not."
"Pretend to break your leg," Harry suggested.
across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. Hermione
Whether we be old and bald
particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a sixth year. Hermione



I do believe he worked so hard to protect you this year because he felt
slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small




little to celebrate for eleven years."

Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we'll send up green sparks, right?
"Hermione Potter!" she squealed. "Look, Mom! I can see
now be prepared. It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live,

with rage.
Potter for President over the crowd. His heart skipped. He felt braver.

did if he dared to ask a question.


him.

Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to


"Shut up," said Ron again. He was almost as tall as the twins already




thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out of the
"Can you see all your family standing around you?"
way along the rows of books. The lamp looked as if it was floating along
"And come back and find the house in ruins?" she snarled.
working. He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms

The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense
cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.
be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never

dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles
passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late - -

Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great
went pink again and he muttered that he'd brought sandwiches. Hermione went
horrible yell.
"Funny stuff on the news," Mr. Dursley mumbled. "Owls... shooting
little fuller than they were... you have the whole summer ahead to get


him sharply on the back of the head. Next moment, thirty or forty
are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite
"You let the troll in?"


tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left,

His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon
There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Hermione
Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with the
Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred
I demand that you leave at once, sit!" he said. "You are breaking and
Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Hermione
"Up!" she screeched. Hermione heard her walking toward the kitchen and then
you?"

"Spells -- enchantments," said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he
away and Filch cursing in rage.
they'd done?
He had written only two words: It's hatching.
three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Hermione could hardly
Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching
"Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn't see you there."
mastered the basics.
be as long as your house. Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment."
"What would you know about it, Weasley, you couldn't afford half the
cut up his steak,
witches an' wizards up an' down the country."
robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.
his father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffled Dudley's hair.
They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the
"Seize him! SEIZE HIM!" shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged,

It didn't come... he kept on running... he opened his eyes. A scarlet
"You don't know that you'll make a fool of yourself," said Ron
spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and
then... I can' remember too well, 'cause he kept buyin' me drinks....
into their boat by Neville and Harry. "Everyone in?" shouted Hagrid,
"He didn't catch it, he nearly swallowed it," Flint was still howling
twice its usual size. He didn't know whether it was safe to go to Madam
"What did you expect, turnips?" said Ron, turning to his own pile, which
All Hermione's -- it was incredible. The Dursleys couldn't have known about
Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a
mentioned Nicolas Flamel we've been trying to find out who he is."

noticing where Hermione was looking. "And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."

It might've been happening while we were there!"
She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It seemed
him.

If he finds all three of us I'll tell him the truth, that I was trying
It was a horrible sight. Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite
was at all. There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he

"I've got the Snitch!" he shouted, waving it above his head, and the
"But you don't use them?" said Mr. Ollivander sharply.
The Potters smiled and waved at Hermione and he stared hungrily back at
Hermione woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again.
-- he had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out -- and then he
when he left the building at five o'clock, he was still so worried that


"I say, look at that man!" said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the

got yeh."


very tasty.
his many candy boxes. I can, can't I?"
toward him.
must've been through hundreds of books already and we can't find him
brooms from the flying- key room, they'll get you out of the trapdoor
"Just looking," he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind
Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He caught himself in time
ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel. They were sure she'd be
know?"

heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over
because no one wanted Dudley to think they liked him.

Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped
they can afford."
piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy. It was a


Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger
"To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas

It looked as though Hermione had found out where the grubby littie package

but I'm no match for him, really."

punctures, have they?"
team too -- Beaters."
about Mrs. Next Door's problems with her daughter and how Dudley had
was also very hard to remember where anything was, because it all seemed
All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of
"Sorry," Hermione said quickly.
imagination, after all he'd heard about Slytherin, but he thought they
understand who --"
THE MIDNIGHT DUEL
"Um -- Hagrid?"
their written papers. They had been given special, new quills for the

the very last one from the box Harry had given him for Christmas. He
-- only joking, Professor -- Slytherins score -- A no...
There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.
most ragged blanket.


he hated my father. Is that true?"
An' it's your bad luck you grew up in a family o' the biggest Muggles I
"What has been going on?" she said, looking at the sweets all over the
gotten back the marks for their very first piece of homework.
watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed
"Pig snout," they said and entered.
"... roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums," he said, as a
seen the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There was no point
you might like it." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "Useful things... your
almost unseated him.
had said.
All three of them were laughing. Hermione's mouth went rather dry. What on
will leave and not come back. You have been warned."
bill, and -- a letter for Hermione.

riders off. Hermione tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal- posts
Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his
had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He
Even Hermione, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it
Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for ages
on his first day at Stonewall High -- like he was wearing bits of old

It sneezed. A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.
Hermione furiously, "as it's mine."
We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts
It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don't want everybody
his Anti-Dark Force spell --"
onto their shoulders; Ron and Harry in the distance, jumping up and

ghosts. Hermione spotted Professor Quirtell, too, the nervous young man
to his horror, it was Snape who replied, "The Restricted Section? Well,
A treasure that was never yours,
to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.


"HARRY POTTER!"

very fast about all the spells she'd learned and wondering which one

then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course. But how is the boy
markings out of his pocket. "Which is your wand arm?"
yeh don't know his name, everyone in our world knows --"
time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they
only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog

yeh, how much yeh didn't know. Ah, Hermione, I don' know if I'm the right
you follow my orders! Stay close behind me, now. Make way, first years

had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the
took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.
Harry wasn't going to give up that easily. She followed Ron through
"Don't you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I
"Where is this school, anyway?"
Dudley into his high chair.
Hermione made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night. He
Hermione sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday he'd have given


snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were

He led them to the very edge of the forest. Holding his lamp up high, he

"Yes, but not to us," said Ron in exasperation. "Neville, you don't know

next to him instead of that castle."
"Did you see his face?"
jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room. On the
him." On Christmas Eve, Hermione went to bed looking forward to the next

It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking

could they ever make up for this?
Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier he was


I'd say."
"Come on."
"He's heading for the third floor," Hermione said, but Ron held up his
worse than ever. Hermione strained to catch what they were saying.
our kind, weren't they?"

talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier;
The rest of the team landed next to George to complain, too.
The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds,
arrived."

prodding Dean's poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the

father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was
"It's an invisibility cloak," said Ron, a look of awe on his face. "I'm
in midair, and even though Hermione could feel his arm supporting it, the
"But it's against our laws," said Ron. "Dragon breeding was outlawed by

"Never mind that -- pig snout, pig snout," panted Hermione, and the
"Jus' lookin'," he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at



"You know what this means?" he finished breathlessly. "He tried to get
A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a
But Uncle Vernon didn't believe him. No one ever did.

Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.


"Go to your cupboard -- I mean, your bedroom," he wheezed at Hermione.
It was lucky that Hermione had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because
came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table
common room, we're having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and
ideas.
knocking Hermione clean off his feet' landing on top of him, both hands
up knowin' yer name if his parents are wizardin' folk. You saw what
to steal whatever it's guarding."
They had to study the night skies through their telescopes every

"Well," said Dumbledore finally, "that's that. We've no business staying

The forest was black and silent. A little way into it they reached a
bank. If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon -- Norbert had been bad
nowhere as he pulled off Hermione's invisibility cloak. He had been down at
complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didn't
bin killin' the unicorns -- never heard anythin' like it before."
Hermione moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. He
Mrs. Weasley smiled down at them.

"Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," she said
inside. It was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair

Harry was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along
couldn't see them.
Snape.
"Use the boy... Use the boy..."
"I know I don't have to. Tell yeh what, I'll get yer animal. Not a toad,

should be somewhere in the middle, but they don't seem to have built it
wand back into his trunk. "Stupid spell -- George gave it to me, bet he
At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his
spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get


and leave him in the car...."
than that. Now, the last member of the team is the
dog, but I don't think she believes me -I shouldn't have hit him at the

know how he'd have gotten through all his homework without her, what
"All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a
I want --" he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into

eyes glittered wickedly. "It's for your own good, you know."

He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.


"I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up

Ron dropped his wand. Harry Granger, telling a downright lie to a

dream up, eh?"
"Peeves," Percy whispered to the first years. "A poltergeist." He raised
they passed, saying, "Dragon liver, seventeen Sickles an ounce, they're
nervously over his shoulder. He had the nasty feeling they were being
Hermione put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult


here in five minutes ready to leave. We're going away. Just pack some
deep into Goyle's knuckle - Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung

"Hermione!"
After a good night's sleep, Hermione felt nearly back to normal.
should have been a back to Quirrell's head, there was a face, the most
"A Nimbus Two Thousand, sit," said Hermione, fighting not to laugh at the
And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes
die a very painful death."
flash of green light and a burn- ing pain on his forehead. This, he

entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that
"Hello," said Hermione awkwardly.
"Kept what from me?" said Hermione eagerly.
it's guardin', that's between Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel
you?"
impressed. "I'd have thought you, of all people --"
The toadless boy was back, but this time he had a girl with him. She was
Hermione looked in the bowl again.
attack Hagrid's coat.

see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.
"That's a broomstick," he said, throwing it back to Hermione with a mixture
"Hmmm," said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look. "Well, now
There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didn't meet Hermione's eyes

high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase facing them led to
"Yeh could've died!" sobbed Hagrid. "An' don' say the name!"
Griphook held the door open for them. Hermione, who had expected more
white pieces. Hermione, Ron and Harry shivered slightly -- the towering
business. Dumbledore's trusted me. More'n my job's worth ter tell yeh
been a horrible mistake. A wizard? Him? How could he possibly be? He'd

The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at
Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and Harry he was going to ask Snape if


Ron.
"What's that you've got there, Potter?"
Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Hermione was left to find
Hermione borrowed Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the

like this, people will think you're up to something. And Gryffindor
"It is," Firenze agreed, "unless all you need is to stay alive long
"Stay there!" she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls'
and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.
Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.
think this was the moment for lemon drops. "As I say, even if
"Thanks, Hermione... I think I'll go to bed.... D'you want the card, you
smell from Hermione's new uniform. Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as

had any idea that they were witches and wizards. There was so much to


Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, "we
Hermione Potter come and live here!"
him and make it easier."

then, at last -- "Potter, Hermione!"


quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest."
"Hold out your arm. That's it." He measured Hermione from shoulder to

gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.

Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.
senses. He couldn't stay here, he had to find his way back to bed. He
door. "Even -- blimey -- Dumbledore's come to watch!"

with Hermione and Ron.
thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does. So if I look in the
the mood. In fact, it was fast asleep.
Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer. At last, he said, "The forest
streets away. Hermione hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage
"A letter?" repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on
back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.
"Anything off the cart, dears?"
watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing

tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the
Room 17

greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little
realized that his broom was completely out of his control. He couldn't
Hermione could see three letters addressed in green ink.

jostled them as they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle
"You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said Snape, taking a step
hoops. Follow me?"

Harry hung her head. Hermione was speechless. Harry was the last


Hermione struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn't give. He
fault he's here in the first place."
"I know what you're thinking about, Hermione, that mirror. Don't go back
all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain
Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn't
He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair. Malfoy looked
What was going on? Where were the others?

Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Hermione's
front door.
unusual?"
in his very first week -- why did Snape hate him so much? "Cheer up,"
"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said Hagrid
Oliver Wood had arrived. fie was carrying a large wooden crate under his
"What?"
knight's horse. At once, the stone sprang to life. The horse pawed the
though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the
"I knew it," Harry gasped, "Snape -- look."
"If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they'd be sucked through
The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder. The neat

ter ours. Some of 'em came outta kinda trances. Don~ reckon they
people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious,
still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of
were swaying darkly in the distance.
wands, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand."

lot like yet dad, but yeh've got yet mom's eyes."
The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale

"Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan's got a
blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from
famous. You're famous."
crossed the yard. Hermione noticed at once that Snape was limping. Hermione,
back into solid wall.
Hermione picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in thick brown paper and
"Yes, sir. Well, Voldemort's going to try other ways of coming back,


team last year."
"You're too nosy to live, Potter. Scurrying around the school on
his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.


legs. He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and
Hermione would have screamed, but he couldn't make a sound. Where there

didn't stop him from being solid.
and stared at the sky. "Mars is bright tonight."
his voice again, Hermione said, "And the invisibility cloak - do you know

eyes are just like mine, Hermione thought, edging a little closer to the
He held out his hand to shake Hermione's, but Hermione didn't take it.

watching -- he stretched out his hand -- a foot from the ground he
Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Hermione coming back from the barbers looking


where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as
"And no wonder we couldn't find Flamel in that Study of Recent
Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Hermione's forehead with a
just no good telling the Dursleys he didn't make them happen.
protection. "It's either really valuable or really dangerous," said Ron.

got no money -- you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no
"We're not offended," said Hermione quickly. "Just tell us what to do."
with shops.
Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town
"Yes," said Professor McGonagall. "And I don't suppose you're going to
"Next to the tall kid with the red hair."

of the darkness.
"Well, " Harry exploded, "if he did -- I mean to say that's terrible
in it were empty. Although this was an improvement in many ways, it did
that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint,
They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone floor. Hermione


alone, the best of all of them. However, this mirror will give us
The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.

Hermione couldn't take it in. This couldn't be true, it couldn't.
if it's not too easy to play. There are seven players on each side.
did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.
looked desperate to start proving that she wasn't a dunderhead.
reflected behind him, were at least ten others. Hermione looked over his
Not even one of the teachers?"
"Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?" Dudley asked Hermione in

to grab his shoulders to stay on.
blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a
enough questions. I suggest you make a start on these sweets. Ah! Bettie
"Go to Madam Pomfrey," Harry suggested.

He cast a sideways look at Hermione under his bushy eyebrows.

"It wasn't his fault, Professor --"
"But Snape tried to kill me!"

the same. And of course, you will never get such good results with
Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of
to the wall, counting down to September the first.
When Hermione walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started
out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once. The minutes

"Nothing -- just black -- there's no way of climbing down, we'll just
"See you later, then," said Hermione.

The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It

but dark fire -- then he was on the other side, in the last chamber.

about it in Hogwarts, A History."
eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as

twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet
There was already someone there -- but it wasn't Snape. It wasn't even
it. He'd done it -- the game was over; it had barely lasted five
you mind leaving while we change?"
Hermione nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was
m-myself." He looked terrified at the very thought.
all."
through all their extra work.

"Good evening," said Ronan. "Students, are you? And do you learn much,

something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with


his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet
"Do you think it's a ghost?"
porridge.


maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books,

Harry had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand --
Hermione was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous
Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.
Harry. "Can we help you with something?"

moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room,
for them somewhere else, because they didn't see him anywhere, but they
Hermione wasn't listening.
tells you if there's something you've forgotten to do. Look, you hold it
choosing precisely those things that are worst for them." Hermione lay
Just then, the mail arrived. Hermione had gotten used to this by now, but
He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Hermione didn't know
Hermione's stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he saw, looked pale under
"You can keep it," said Hermione, laughing at how pleased Ron was. "Hagrid

could be heard.
Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Hermione and Harry were in
dark.
-- points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if
"Three days. Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved


think..."

Harry turned and walked straight through the purple fire.



ghosts shone misty silver. Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Hermione

before he can walk and talk! Famous for something he won't even
watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as
happy day!"

thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid -- we know we're
"Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see it, then."
down and -- FLUMP. With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on

of the Sorcerer's Stone!"
hardly heard a word of Wood's pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch
long as he could remember, ever since he'd been a baby and his parents
He took a deep breath, covered his face with his arms, and sprinted
"First -- to Mr. Ronald Weasley..."
whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was
backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.
Hermione took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. He raised
what has been foretold! It is not our business to run around like
Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. "I know... I


"What utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! Come on -- I shall see

"Just as long as we're not wiping you off the field," said Harry.
"Take him up to the hospital wing," Snape spat at Seamus. Then he
television -- then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Hermione's eleventh birthday. Of
sinking. But he still didn't open his eyes. It had been such a good
Severus..."
"Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin'," said Hagrid, raising his
already wearing her new Hogwarts robes.
The Restricted Section was right at the back of the library. Step ping
was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye). Ron,




"And women," Wood agreed. "This is it."

"And you're not sitting with the prefects today, either," said

tore his eyes away from his mother's face, whispered, "I'll come back,"

"You know that black-haired boy who was near us in the station? Know who
when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.
the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard's hat for a
With the twins' help, Hermione's trunk was at last tucked away in a corner



when I had Lord Voldemort on my side...."
There was only one room inside. Hams and pheasants were hanging from the
they'd been bewitched. My dad doesn't believe it. He says Malfoy's
of his cloak, he was gone.
see, that's all.

Mr. H. Potter
-- I mean, I got Scabbers instead."
surprise, Hermione fell hard on the concrete floor. What came next happened


very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.

me... or you'll meet the same end as your parents.... They died begging
cup. Hermione felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach. How
school rule today. On the other hand, Malfoys sneering face kept looming
all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass


Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats
the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large
"Quick!"


in the stars as well."
climbed two floors up. It was a relief to be away from the smell of the
half-moon glasses. "It would be enough to turn any boy's head. Famous
"Merry Christmas," said Ron sleepily as Hermione scrambled out of bed and
Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us up if Bane doesn't stop
really horrible, or Filch wouldn't be sounding so delighted.
Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Hermione, Ron, and
"Hang on," he said. "Back, Fang."

said stupidly.
his feet again. The hall fell silent.
kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll."
London at once."

make them forget."
of Voldemort certainly scared them, but he didn't keep visiting them in
CHAPTER EIGHT
"How could a troll get in?" Hermione asked as they climbed the stairs.

want to see my parents."
"Or both," said Hermione.
"Sir -- Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you something?"
Ron up.
"It was you."

At last, a great crunching noise announced Hagrid's return. Malfoy,
ball of the lot. It's very hard to catch because it's so fast and
thought two of his ribs might already have cracked from trying not to
Professor McGonagall
"And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation's


"Would you mind moving out of the way?" came Malfoys cold drawl from

"The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard yes, their son, Hermione"
have noticed something's going on. It was on their news." She jerked her
beaming at him.
became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Hermione woke,
never have."
catch the last report on the evening news:

room again. With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much

toads went outta fashion years ago, yeh'd be laughed at - an' I don'



they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy
tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander wands


agreed with him. Anything to get rid of Norbert -- and Malfoy.
every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a

old sweater of Dudley's (brown with orange puff balls) -- The harder she
Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Hermione

Hermione could see Draco Malfoy banging his goblet on the table. It was a
"Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore's orders. Brought

pain in Hermione's head was building -- he couldn't see -- he could only
slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron? I hate them
smile, which looked quite painful.

Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded


"Mm?" said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.

some sign of the Snitch. This was part of his and Wood's game plan.
once: the shops, the things outside them, the people doing their
robes stood there. She had a very stern face and Hermione's first thought
time, like, but I don' believe it. People who was on his side came back
knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren't

low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. The lighted dial of
"Do they? What, they don't move at all?" Ron sounded amazed. "weird!"

Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced


last.
"Hang on, I think I remember him saying something about it," said the
"Why?" said Hermione.
in a school?" said Ron finally. "If any dog needs exercise, that one
the Dark Arts, Snape."
Scared of the students, scared of his own subject now, where's me
"No, no -here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy.
She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. He was tall, thin, and
about, Hagrid? Did you mention Hogwarts at all?"
Hufflepuff, I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" "Mmm," said Hermione, wishing
Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.
weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Hermione
ter put it out of its misery."
hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding
But Hermione only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in

silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and
like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle

discussing what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one. It
Hermione sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old
was that this was not someone to cross.

"An' here's Hermione!" said the giant.
relieved to have been chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed
"Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his mother and father. "That's two
Hermione's broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few

Grounds at Hogwarts."
"Well, a second's there to take over if you die," said Ron casually,

"Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?"
father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food
trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
black and silver volume caught his eye. He pulled it out with

It was the Mirror of Erised.
yet, do they?"
That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in
She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. She had to struggle
learning to play that night. He bolted his dinner that evening without
have a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had

"But how do we know which to drink?"
"Got it," said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.
As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said

knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces


at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly

he told Hermione. "Want to come upstairs and practice?"
Gryffindor! Yes, Weasley, from my own house!" Hermione and Ron went back to
"Do you mean," Hermione croaked, "that was Vol-"

kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying
stunned.
up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club. They didn't have
power somehow broke -- and that's why he's gone.
"What are you looking for, boy?"
his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here."

still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.
moment?"
"D'you think I'm going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me?
Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.
Let me see. Yes...
Hermione stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn't
times."
talking loudly at once. He slipped into a seat between Ron and Harry
"I've never asked," said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.

upon them:
I left, he was singing it a lullaby."







The next morning dawned very bright and cold. The Great Hall was full of

"Let's try again. Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me
finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind. He put the
year on Dudley's birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the
Hermione suddenly jumped to his feet.
Hermione turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that
grounds. Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the
"And sir, there's one more thing..."

"But will it cover all three of us?" said Ron.
"You what?" Hagrid looked shocked. "Listen here -- I've told yeh -- drop

"Oh, he does," said Quirrell casually, "heavens, yes. He was at Hogwarts
punished me... decided he would have to keep a closer watch on me...."
inches, rather bendy, wasn't it?"


into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
"Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and

cutting from the Daily Prophet:
"Ron!" said Harry suddenly, "Hermione --"
"SHHHH!" said Hagrid again. "Listen - come an' see me later, I'm not
Harry Granger, by the way. Students up at the school. An' this is
think she wasn't a teacher to cross. Strict and clever, she gave them a
packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Hermione's lap. Up
talk."

wondering....
Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you -- but
He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and
of Gryffindor Tower."
"Stand back," said Griphook importantly. He stroked the door gently with
Hermione recited. "So -- that's sort of like basketball on broomsticks with
except that it wasn't blond.

"'Course," said Hagrid. "They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, 0 '
"Oh, I thought we'd keep this private," said Snape, his voice icy.



"I've heard of those," he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of
Snape.
"Well done, Ron, excellent," said Percy Weasley Pompously across Hermione

Hermione and Harry didn't get a chance to answer. Madam Pomfrey came
"What's basketball?" said Wood curiously. "Never mind," said Hermione
golden watch from his pocket and examined it. It was a very odd watch.
"I'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!" said Hagrid hotly. "I don' know why

been fighting, have you? You'll be in trouble before we even get there!"
Ron followed right away. He landed, sprawled next to Hermione.
"Or twice --"
good armchairs by the fire. They sat by the hour eating anything they
climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined
scuttled back to their corner. "How could a car crash kill Lily an'
"Potter!" said Snape suddenly. "What would I get if I added powdered


stretching and yawning. Hermione ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. He
just left the room, and from what Hermione had just heard, Snape would be
everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and
sniveled.

nerve of him! But then it struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some

Dursleys' car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to
just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"

Hermione was suddenly the most hated. Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs
Hermione, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron's ears
Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand and said, "That reminds
under all the hair.
letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. The Dursleys
Wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key,

Mom, there he is, look!"
spreading over his face. "They don't know we're not allowed to use magic

team from scoring."
birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school
back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.
imagine him flying.
"What's the matter?"
around the top: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi. His panic
"Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can't believe I'm meeting you at last."
"That's chess!" snapped Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices! I take

Malfoy didn't move. He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his
sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained

walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he

"Look, if you don't hurry up, he'll already have the Stone!"



holding her hand, "Mom, can't I go... "

minutes' time. Hagrid, who didn't understand "Muggle money," as he
once.
blundering Neville -- Hermione knew what it must have cost him to try and
hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and
mixed up in anything that might be going on -- he yawned and turned over
sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.
"Shan't say nothing if you don't say please," said Peeves in his
near the end of the train. He put Hedwig inside first and then started


turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn't do anything.
You-Know-Who never tried to get 'em on his side before... probably knew


come anywhere near here again, I'll take another fifty points from



boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping

along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice
bananas. He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked
little. He turned to look at them all.
Hermione turned over his card and read:

Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke."
behind them. "Are you trying to earn some extra money, Weasley? Hoping
"This way," said Hermione, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the

Hermione wouldn't have noticed it was there. The people hurrying by didn't
run if you're nervous. Go on, go now before Ron."
sandy-haired boy next to Hermione in the line, sat on the stool for almost
inside exploded a rear admiral's hat and several live, white mice. Up at

"No, it isn't," said Hermione thoughtfully. "He's a funny man, Dumbledore.


out everything he needs, and now he's got Dumbledore out of the way. He
"Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?" said one of the twins, with an air of

his turban. He was pale and looked as though he was about to cry. He
minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the

off the shelves at random. Hermione wandered over to the Restricted

boys, all with flaming red hair. Each of them was pushing a trunk like
drinking it for me in the forest... and once I have the Elixir of Life,

And the school bellowed:
"Wizards have banks?"
"Look! Look at them all... there are loads of them...."
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering
I haven't eaten for nearly four hundred years," said the ghost. "I don't
Slytherin girl. "Never thought you'd like fat little crybabies,
barrier between platforms nine and ten. Don't stop and don't be scared
"So proud, Mr. Potter, I'm just so proud."
Dumbledore's around. Anyway, we've never had any proof Snape found out
"Make it move," he whined at his father. Uncle Vernon tapped on the
cooked up? If Hermione hadn't known that the Dursleys had no sense of
lock, and whispered, 'Alohomora!"
the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall
and hurried from the room.
"How did he get covered in blood?" asked Seamus with great interest.

"Are you really Hermione Potter?" Ron blurted out.
"Harry!" they said together.
"So why did he just try and kill Hermione?" cried Harry.

"A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying!" said Hermione. "No
bed. The clock on the wall had just
help you now, the Fat Lady's gone off somewhere."
slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..."
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander


Aunt Petunia looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon.

cloak.
"I suppose we could take him to the zoo," said Aunt Petunia slowly, "...
"My dear Professor, I 've never seen a cat sit so stiffly."
"I found out something about him," he told Hagrid. "He tried to get past
though he was petrified.




There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced
painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with

indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be allowed. He sat down next to Hermione,
Snape would never know what had happened.

even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn't
forbidden.
not still lookin' fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?" "Oh, we found out who he
Hermione then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He

the scar on Hermione's forehead.

"Where're you going?" said Ron sleepily.
"Now, there's another player on each side who's called the Keeper -I'm

Mrs. Norris, and Hermione felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another
"I'm going to see what section he was in," said Ron, who'd had enough of
package from Hermione and felt it.
from Quirrell himself
Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Hermione mounted his broomstick
"Oh, of course, you wouldn't know -- Chocolate Frogs have cards, inside
remember the new password to get in to bed."
past his head, that it happened. His broom gave a sudden, frightening
rustling of leaves around them.
At last there was silence again.
"He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive," Professor
Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and

though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his
-- he is a great wizard and I am weak --"
"No -- no -- not again, please --"
standing up to look at him.
difficulty -- and were off.

"Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid," said
finding Flamel, though. Have some bacon or something, why aren't you

thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon

"Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Potter?" he asked excitedly.
They walked past a mossy tree stump. Hermione could hear running water;
ter the castle an' pack. Go on"'
Griphook unlocked the door. A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and
scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp,
sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening

anything, or shout at him -- in fact, they didn't speak to him at all.
His face fell.
he has left now."


the broom tightly with both his hands and knees. He'd never felt
teacher? "If they hadn't found me, I'd be dead now. Hermione stuck his wand
Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the

too. No one was talking much except Harry Granger, who was whispering
"Hey, Potter, come down!'
"Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting him," said Ron bitterly.
holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple."
Ron's eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be


He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor. He had been
empty painting. The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Harry
"It was Snape," Ron was explaining, "Harry and I saw him. He was

jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly
could spear on a toasting fork -- bread, English muffins, marshmallows
after the grounds.
Drive, but there wasn't a map in sight. What could he have been thinking

last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.
"How did you know --?"
"Yes and no," said Dumbledore quietly. "It shows us nothing more or less
"Rubeus! Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see you again.... Oak, sixteen
out at odd angles.
Hufflepuff too much."
"No, I don't!"
the Mirror of Erised."
"Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inches. Quite whippy. Try --"
but if I do, it's no big deal, because they did it first. You never get

"Hagrid!" said Hermione, "that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday!

handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the
"Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And don't you
The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember

that came into his head: "Wingardium Leviosa!"
"DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE


it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella. Its spiny wings were huge
"Mount your brooms, please."
smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley
as if he'd never speak again.

"I'm disgusted," said Professor McGonagall. "Four students out of bed in
"Shhh!" hissed Professor McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles!"
hopped down from the footstool.
house player in about a century, said Hermione, shoveling pie into his
knock players off their brooms. That's why you have two Beaters on each
wouldn't try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe."
heartstring. Nine inches. Nice and flexible. just take it and give it a
He felt Quirrell's arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and
enough...
it had whiskers. Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks
"Second -- to Miss Harry Granger... for the use of cool logic in the
from the first note the beast's eyes began to droop. Hermione hardly drew
In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant,
and damp, musty sheets. Dudley snored but Hermione stayed awake, sitting on
Quirrell wasn't moving his lips.
"JORDAN!"
"Good luck, Hermione Potter," said Firenze. "The planets have been read
want him in there... I need that room... make him get out...."
slope, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and
his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to
but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your
stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.
"Doi* push it," he muttered, "I've heard Snape can turn very nasty."
duffers, but --"
"No," said Hermione, startled by the odd question. "We've only used the

pain -- his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough
"Oh, we're not working," Hermione told him brightly. "Ever since you

London, see. Deep under the Underground. Yeh'd die of hunger tryin' ter
looked so handsome and grown-up. Hermione didn't trust himself to speak. He

next afternoon, that Ron and Harry were wondering whether they'd ever
"We can't go in there at night -- there's all sorts of things in there
before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes,
school at night, especially these days, it's very dangerous -- and fifty
reeled off.
very interesting read.
brushed the ceiling. He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it
Hermione turned to Harry.
long, white finger.
"-- packed with Muggles, of course --"


BOOM. They knocked again. Dudley jerked awake. "Where's the cannon?" he

"What do you see when you look in the mirror?"

them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had

owls. Hermione was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in

"Always the innocent are the first victims," he said. "So it has been
vast marble hall. About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high

"I know," Ron snapped. "Don't nag."

"Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you




cans outside the kitchen doors. Hermione supposed that the wind must have

"See?" Hermione whispered.
important stuff fer him. Fetchin' you gettin' things from Gringotts --

"It was not a mistake," said Hermione angrily, "it had my cupboard on it."

-- he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a
through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.

"We'd better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of
hair, fixing Hermione with a bewildered stare.
But the room was empty. Breathing very fast, he turned slowly back to
"Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the


rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it.

They pushed the door open. Hermione dropped the cloak from around his
they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed. Hagrid

the guard said there wasn't one. In the end the guard strode away,
"Come on, Harry," Ron muttered desperately.
"Positive," said Harry. She took a long drink from the round bottle
Snape said, "And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your
Ridgeback, but it won't be easy getting him here. I think the best thing

Hermione -- he couldn't move for fear.
"Don't worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us."
back. "He was on to me by that time, trying to find out how far I'd got.
nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was
looking at wands," said the boy. He had a bored, drawling voice. "Then

The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying
"You want to go first? Are you sure?" said Ron. "I don't know how deep

lie."
joined the crowd thronging the corridor.
" -- I didn't see you, sir."
didn't approve of imagination.

them, you know, to collect -- famous witches and wizards. I've got about

of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. There's talent, A my goodness,

"Great idea though, thanks, Mom."
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
Hermione hadn't had a single letter since Hagrid's note, something that

"He's late, maybe he's chickened out," Ron whispered.
in twos and threes so they didn't attract attention by all bursting out
Hermione heard the little girl's voice.
was swelling inside him. He went straight to the window and jerked it
The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a
the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes. She, too, was
Hermione picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant
Had Hermione thought that things couldn't have been worse? He was wrong.
"Nearly Headless? How can you be nearly headless?"
"Hagrid!" said Hermione loudly. "There's an owl
Quirrell moved close behind him. Hermione breathed in the funny smell that
the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.
up her scroll and took the Sorting Hat away.
she'd need. Hermione tried hard not to listen to her. He'd never been more

is ages ago," said Ron impressively. "And we know what that dog's

can't believe you're going to do this, Hermione."
over the wound in the animal's side, and began to drink its blood.
"Stick out your right hand over your broom," called Madam Hooch at the
"I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore," he invented. "I -- I've
And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of
McGonagall. "It doesn't take a genius to work it out. You fed Draco

They passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite direction,

Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed,
you out with a few of these."

"Good luck, Hermione," he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish


room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door

wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below

of? It must have been a trick of the light. Mr. Dursley blinked and

know how you found out about the Stone, but rest assured, no one can
Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten
And Firenze whisked around; with Hermione clutching on as best he could,
Hermione had gone very white. As soon as he found his voice he said, "Blown

letter with yer owl, she'll know where to find me.... See yeh soon,
"We must have crossed in midair. No sooner had I reached London than it

gave it to Neville, who looked as though he might cry.
Hermione was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn't have anything to do
about Hermione.

noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people
with his voice. Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without even
Curse of the Bogies, but Hermione hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned
"What?" said Hermione.
Hagrid looked furious with himself.


-- and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk
knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch

Everyone fell over laughing except Harry, who leapt up and performed
broomsticks in it. "Look," Hermione heard one of them say, "the new Nimbus
elastic band. No one, ever, in his whole life, had written to him. Who

was trembling. Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up stories chased each
and they'd be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam
Hermione and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it


yelled Uncle Vernon.
"Let me speak to him... face-to-face..."
"That's your problem, isn't it?" said Filch, his voice cracking with
grandmother had never let him near one. Privately, Hermione felt she'd had
before the Muggles started swarmin' around. He fell asleep as we was
his trousers.
Not for nothing, though, was Hermione the youngest Seeker in a century. He
"Ah, go boil yet heads, both of yeh," said Hagrid. "Hermione -- yet a
line. For a moment it looked as though she might faint. She clutched her

students, and Hermione heard a familiar voice: "Firs' years! Firs' years
comfortable saying "Voldemort" without worrying.
-- better be GRYFFINDOR!"
will be in even more trouble."


There was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for

above him.
first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Hermione's name he

"I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the

nervous to go back to sleep. He got up and pulled on his jeans because
It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of
coming...."

was looking at the black inside of the hat. He waited.
right - talk about showing Slytherin! Everyone's waiting for you in the
Hagrid, we saved the Stone, it's gone, he can't use it. Have a Chocolate
"Dunno," said Hagrid casually, "he wouldn' take his cloak off."
and wiping his forehead. Neville was bent double, wheezing and

to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose -- that hut




"But Malfoy --"
she left "to hide that horrible scar." Dudley had laughed himself silly
Tap. Tap. Tap.
pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.
Dead flies and bits of fluff,
over the goblin's book of numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Hermione
directions. There's blood all over the place, it must've bin staggerin'
Gryffindor tower.
broomsticks? Might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursleys had
Dudley's birthday -- how could he have forgotten? Hermione got slowly out
They settled down in the boat, Hermione still staring at Hagrid, trying to
silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Hermione,
that I've got it," he added.
"You won't be. There's loads of people who come from Muggle families and
ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a good kick.
near the top.
several people behind him screamed.
outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book's shrieks
"I don't know, sit," said Hermione.







He wiped it on the troll's trousers.
Slytherin	would be learning together.

there -- and so was Malfoy. Hermione had also forgotten that Malfoy had
had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.
Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, Fang at his heel. He


back... and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his

Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his
one taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had been very old
"Oh, yes," said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. "Yes, I quite
into his car and backed out of number four's drive.
course, his birthdays were never exactly fun -- last year, the Dursleys
seemed to come from Quirrell's turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in
points will be taken from Gryffindor."
there. Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the
chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what

photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed.
before. Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the field so that
"Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves," he said.


of a goat and it will save you from most poisons. As for monkshood and
watched his birthday tick nearer, wondering if the Dursleys would
forget-me-not blue, and there was a feeling in the air of summer coming.

"No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right
Hagrid all about their first -lessons. Fang rested his head on Hermione's

come with me an' see the Great Hall, looks a treat."

tell me... things I want to know the truth about...."
"I have burned it."



He didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed.
and climbed through the portrait hole.


best teachers if you ask me.... It's just a pity they let the old
could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was? Oh, she got a
Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling
groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once
something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel
He put Hermione's wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper,
to meddle in things that weren't his business from now on. He'd had it
there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of
He backed away as quietly as he could. A door stood ajar to his left. It
"Funny way to get to a wizards' school, the train. Magic carpets all got
"Slytherin in possession -- Flint with the Quaffle -- passes Spinnet --



