















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































" -- I didn't see you, sir."
" Brocklehurst, Mandy" went to Ravenclaw too, but "Brown, Lavender"
" Great food, isn't it?" Ron muttered to Hermione through the hangings.
"'Course," said Hagrid. "They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, 0 '
"'Scuse me, but is one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I got about an 'undred
"-- a what?" gasped Hermione.
"-- packed with Muggles, of course --"
"--and he said people from Muggle families shouldn't even be allowed
"--and you mustn't go wandering around the school at night, think of the
"... and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about be ing a
"... d-don't know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places,
"... roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums," he said, as a
"...for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I
"0' course I cant, he said. "Number one, I don' know meself. Number two,
"A Muggle," said Hagrid, "it's what we call nonmagic folk like thern.
"A Nimbus Two Thousand!" Ron moaned enviously. "I've never even touched
"A Nimbus Two Thousand, sit," said Hermione, fighting not to laugh at the
"A bit," said Harry timidly.
"A bit. Well, that's something." Ronan sighed. He flung back his head
"A lemon drop. They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"
"A letter?" repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on
"A minute --"
"A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying!" said Hermione. "No
"A werewolf?" Hermione suggested.
"A what?"
"A what?" said Hermione, interested.
"A wizard, o' course," said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which
"AAAAAAAAAARGH!"
"AAAARGH!"
"ALL WHAT?" Hagrid thundered. "Now wait jus' one second!"
"Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?" said one of the
"Aargh! It's all right, he only got my boot -- jus' playin' -- he's only
"Abou' time," he said. "I bin waitin' fer half an hour already. All
"About once every ten years," said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.
"Absolutely not."
"Absolutely," said Professor McGonagall crisply. "The boy's a natural.
"Ah - your father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought
"Ah yes," said the man. "Yes, yes. I thought I'd be seeing you soon.
"Ah, Hagrid, the last tree -- put it in the far corner, would you?"
"Ah, Yes," he said softly, "Hermione Potter. Our new -- celebrity."
"Ah, go boil yet heads, both of yeh," said Hagrid. "Hermione -- yet a
"Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here!
"Ah, now, I'm glad you asked me that. It was one of my more brilliant
"Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune," said the giant; he reached over
"Ah," said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er..."
"Aha!" said Hermione, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved,
"Ahem," said Dumbledore. "I have a few last-minute points to dish out.
"Ahern -- just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. I
"Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. Not today. Not
"All -- all three of us?"
"All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a
"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving
"All right -- all right --" he heard Quirrell sob.
"All right -please."
"All right there, Hermione?" he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger
"All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which
"All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," said Hagrid. " So me, Hermione,
"All right, keep your hair on."
"All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face.
"All right," Hermione mumbled, "I'm getting up."
"All right." Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dog's
"All right?" Hermione whispered.
"All summer --"
"All what?" asked Hermione.
"All yours," smiled Hagrid.
"Always the innocent are the first victims," he said. "So it has been
"Always wanted to shake your hand -- I'm all of a flutter."
"Am I?" said Hermione, feeling dazed.
"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said Hagrid
"An' as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, I'd like ter introduce her to Fang
"An' here's Hermione!" said the giant.
"And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you'll be able to
"And come back and find the house in ruins?" she snarled.
"And did he -- did he seem interested in Fluffy?" Hermione asked, try ing
"And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor
"And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation's
"And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy."
"And it's really none of your business," said Hermione.
"And no wonder we couldn't find Flamel in that Study of Recent
"And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" cried
"And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet,
"And sir, there's one more thing..."
"And that's where..."
"And there's something else..."
"And we'd better stay outside the third-floor corridor," Hermione told Ron.
"And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's
"And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?"
"And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?"
"And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first?" said Malfoy,
"And women," Wood agreed. "This is it."
"And women," said Chaser Angelina Johnson.
"And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is," said Ron.
"And you're not sitting with the prefects today, either," said
"Another Weasley, eh?" said Hagrid, glancing at Ron's freckles. I spent
"Another year gone!" Dumbledore said cheerfully. "And I must trouble you
"Anyone sitting there?" he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Hermione.
"Anything off the cart, dears?"
"Anyway -- Hermione," said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, "a
"Anyway, we've got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he's found a new secret
"Are all your family wizards?" asked Hermione, who found Ron just as
"Are there many of them in here?" asked Harry.
"Are we allowed to speak yet?" said Ron grumpily. Harry ignored him.
"Are you all right?" said Ron. "You look odd."
"Are you all right?" said the centaur, pulling Hermione to his feet.
"Are you really Hermione Potter?" Ron blurted out.
"Are you really?" said Harry. "I know all about you, of course -- I
"Are you serious, Professor?"
"Are you sure that's a real spell?" said the girl. "Well, it's not very
"Are you up yet?" she demanded.
"Asked him. Saw his scar. It's really there - like lightning."
"B-b-but Severus, I --"
"B-but I d-d-don't --"
"Bad news, Vernon," she said. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't
"Barking," said Uncle Vernon, "howling mad, the lot of them. You'll see.
"Be grateful if yeh didn't mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts," he
"Be quiet, Ginny, and it's rude to point."
"Be quiet, Miss Patil
"Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid," said
"Be warned, Potter -- any more nighttime wanderings and I will
"Because he's a prefect," said their mother fondly. "All right, dear,
"Best be Off, Hermione, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an' buy
"Bet it's that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found
"Bet you could," Ron muttered.
"Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin," said Hagrid darkly. "There's not a
"Better get the cloak," Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left,
"Better you than me," they said together, but Hermione had an idea that
"Bin watchin' from me hut," said Hagrid, patting a large pair of
"Blasted thing*," Snape was saying. "How are you supposed to keep your
"Bleaaargh -- see? Sprouts."
"Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!" said Hagrid.
"Bless my soul," whispered the old bartender, "Hermione Potter... what an
"Blimey, Hermione, I keep forgettin' how little yeh know -- not knowin'
"Blimey," said the other twin. "Are you
"Blown up a toilet? We've never blown up a toilet."
"Bones, Susan!"
"Boot, Terry!"
"Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sit," said the giant, climbing
"Brilliant!" said Ron. "How about it, Hagrid?"
"Brilliant, Hermione!" whispered Ron.
"Brilliant," said Harry. "This isn't magic -- it's logic -- a puzzle.
"Broken wrist," Hermione heard her mutter. "Come on, boy -- it's all right,
"Budge up there, move along."
"Budge up, yeh great lump," said the stranger.
"Bulstrode, Millicent" then became a Slytherin. Perhaps it was Hermione's
"Busy year?" she said.
"But --"
"But --"
"But Hermione -- what if You-Know-Who's with him?"
"But I expect you've realized by now what it does?"
"But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing -- I thought Snape was
"But I thought -- Snape --"
"But Malfoy --"
"But Professor --"
"But Snape always seemed to hate me so much."
"But Snape tried to kill me!"
"But Snape's trying to steal it."
"But he seemed to really hate me."
"But how do we know which to drink?"
"But if their house was destroyed --"
"But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too."
"But it's against our laws," said Ron. "Dragon breeding was outlawed by
"But sit, the Stone
"But so will we, won't we?" "Of course not," said Harry. "Everything
"But that means he and his wife will die, won't they?"
"But the glass," he kept saying, "where did the glass go?"
"But there are hundreds of them!"
"But there aren't wild dragons in Britain?" said Hermione.
"But this is important."
"But this is servant stuff, it's not for students to do. I thought we'd
"But this isn't soccer, Dean," Ron reminded him.
"But we don't feet like leaving, do we, boys? We've eaten all our food
"But we're not six hundred years old," Ron reminded her. "Anyway, what
"But we're not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if
"But we've got no proof!" said Hermione. "Quirrell's too scared to back us
"But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?" said Harry.
"But what can we --"
"But what does a Ministry of Magic do?"
"But what happened to Vol--, sorry -- I mean, You-Know-Who?"
"But what should we do, Vernon? Should we write back? Tell them we don't
"But who'd be that desperate?" he wondered aloud. "If you're going to be
"But why couldn't Quirrell touch me?"
"But will it cover all three of us?" said Ron.
"But yeh must know about yet mom and dad," he said. "I mean, they're
"But you don't use them?" said Mr. Ollivander sharply.
"Bye, Hermione!"
"Bye," said Hermione and Ron. The twins slid the compartment door shut
"Bye-bye, Norbert!" Hagrid sobbed, as Hermione and Harry covered the
"C'mon, follow me -- any more firs' years? Mind yer step, now! Firs'
"CAR CRASH!" roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys
"Call him Voldemort, Hermione. Always use the proper name for things. Fear
"Call me Hagrid," he said, "everyone does. An' like I told yeh, I'm
"Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said
"Can we buy all this in London?" Hermione wondered aloud.
"Can you hear something?" Ron whispered.
"Can you see all your family standing around you?"
"Can you smell something?"
"Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power,
"Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Ron.
"Can't be too careful, Ronan," said Hagrid, patting his crossbow.
"Can't have," Hagrid said, his voice shaking. "Can't nothing interfere
"Can't stay long, Mother," he said. "I'm up front, the prefects have got
"Can't tell yeh that," said Hagrid mysteriously. "Very secret. Hogwarts
"Can't you --?"
"Can't, Hermione, sorry," said Hagrid. Hermione noticed him glance at the
"Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Hagrid, clapping his great
"Catch it if you can, then!" he shouted, and he threw the glass ball
"Certainly. I have a special gift with trolls -- you must have seen what
"Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa doing
"Comb your hair!" he barked, by way of a morning greeting.
"Come back, boy!" she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a
"Come here," Quirrell repeated. "Look in the mirror and tell me what you
"Come on, Harry," Ron muttered desperately.
"Come on, Hermione!" Harry screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
"Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don't talk to me on the way
"Come on, cheer up, it's nearly Christmas," said Hagrid. "Tell yeh what,
"Come on, run, run!" Hermione yelled at Harry, trying to pull her toward
"Come on," he said to Ron. He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady
"Come on."
"Coming, Mom."
"Confuse it!" Hermione said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he
"Could I -- could I say good-bye to him, sir?" asked Hagrid. He bent his
"Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?" Hermione asked.
"Could do with some of those letters now, eh?" he said cheerfully.
"Could you write it down?" Hermione suggested.
"Couldn't make us a cup o' tea, could yeh? It's not been an easy
"Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?"
"Crabbe," he said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy
"D'you think I'm going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me?
"D'you think he meant you to do it?" said Ron. "Sending you your
"D'you think that was a centaur we heard earlier?" said Hermione.
"D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts," muttered Professor Quirrell, as
"DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE
"DURSLEY!" he boomed.
"Dad!" said Dudley suddenly. "Dad, Hermione's got something!"
"Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?" Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that
"Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here
"Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can't tell you, Diggle's the name, Dedalus
"Destroyed?" said Hermione blankly. "But your friend -- Nicolas Flamel --"
"Detention!" she shouted. "And twenty points from Slytherin! Wandering
"Devil's Snare, Devil's Snare... what did Professor Sprout say? -- it
"Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?" Seamus whispered.
"Did that sound like hooves to you? Nah, if yeh ask me, that was what's
"Did you get it?" Ron asked as Hermione joined them. "What's the matter?"
"Did you see his face, the great lump?"
"Did you see his face?"
"Did you see his scar?"
"Dinky Duddydums, don't cry, Mummy won't let him spoil your special
"Do it again," Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly
"Do something," he said desperately.
"Do they? What, they don't move at all?" Ron sounded amazed. "weird!"
"Do we -- er -- have to join you to get across?" The black knight
"Do you mean ter tell me," he growled at the Dursleys, "that this boy --
"Do you mean," Hermione croaked, "that was Vol-"
"Do you not see that unicorn?" Firenze bellowed at Bane. "Do you not
"Do you realize who this is?" said Firenze. "This is the Potter boy. The
"Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?"
"Do you think it's a ghost?"
"Do you think they'll attack us if we cross the room?" said Ron.
"Do you think this mirror shows the future?"
"Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?"
"Do you want to stop Snape or not?"
"Do you?" said the boy, with a slight sneer. "Why is he with you? Where
"Doi* push it," he muttered, "I've heard Snape can turn very nasty."
"Don' go shoutin' about it, what's the matter with yeh?"
"Don' mention it," said Hagrid gruffly. "Don' expect you've had a lotta
"Don' you worry, Hermione. You'll learn fast enough. Everyone starts at the
"Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said Ron. "Maybe
"Don't ask questions!" snapped his uncle. "Take this stuff upstairs,
"Don't be a fool," snarled the face. "Better save your own life and join
"Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy."
"Don't be stupid," said Ron.
"Don't do that."
"Don't know why he's so bothered," said Ron. "If I'd brought a toad I'd
"Don't leave me!" said Neville, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to
"Don't make me feel worse," said Hermione. He told Hagrid about the pate
"Don't mess with me, Peeves, now where did they go?"
"Don't play," said Harry at once.
"Don't push me --"
"Don't talk rubbish," said Uncle Vernon. "There is no platform nine and
"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when Hermione sat down next to
"Don't tell me what I can and can't do, Potter. Now get back to bed, all
"Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!" said Ron. "Can I have a
"Don't want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an early
"Don't worry about that," said Hagrid, standing up and scratching his
"Don't worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us."
"Don't worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers -- I
"Don't you call me an idiot!" said Neville. I don't think you should be
"Don't you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I
"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Hermione, scrambling up the grassy
"Don't, Ginny, we'll send you loads of owls."
"Don't," Hermione advised her.
"Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can't believe I'm meeting you at last."
"DotA be stupid," snapped Aunt Petunia. "I'm dyeing some of Dudley's old
"Double Potions with the Slytherins," said Ron. "Snape's Head of
"Dragons!" he whispered. "Hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons!
"Dudley -- go -- just go."
"Dumbledore -- you can't. I've been watching them all day. You couldn't
"Dumbledore again," he said, "He was the first one I ever-"
"Dumbledore?" he said, dashing to the door to make sure. Fred was right.
"Dunno what Hermione thinks he's doing," Hagrid mumbled. He stared through
"Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting him," said Ron bitterly.
"Dunno, some sort of plant thing. I suppose it's here to break the fall.
"Dunno," said Hagrid casually, "he wouldn' take his cloak off."
"Er -- I don't know any," Hermione confessed.
"Er -- I need to be at King's Cross tomorrow to -- to go to Hogwarts."
"Er -- Uncle Vernon?"
"Er -- Yes, I think so," said Ron. "I think Mom's got a second cousin
"Er -- all right."
"Er -- have the Bludgers ever killed anyone?" Hermione asked, hoping he
"Er -- no," said Hermione.
"Er -- okay," said Hermione.
"Er -- well, I'm right-handed," said Hermione.
"Er -- yes, Hermione -- about this cupboard. Your aunt and I have been
"Er -- yes, they did, yes," said Hagrid, shuffling his feet. "I've still
"Erm --"
"Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself
"Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Potter?" he asked excitedly.
"Every year she makes us a sweater," said Ron, unwrapping his own, "and
"Everyone here? You there, still got yer toad?"
"Everyone pick their favorite tune," said Dumbledore, "and off we go!"
"Everyone thinks I'm special," he said at last. "All those people in the
"Everywhere else is full."
"Exactly," said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his
"Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?"
"Excuse me," Hermione said to the plump woman.
"Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall."
"Fifty points each," said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily
"Fifty?" Hermione gasped -- they would lose the lead, the lead he'd won in
"Finch-Fletchley, Justin!"
"Fine," said Neville, showing them. "Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a
"Fire away."
"Firenze saved me, but he shouldn't have done so.... Bane was furious...
"Firenze!" Bane thundered. "What are you doing? You have a human on your
"First -- to Mr. Ronald Weasley..."
"First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to
"Five, you mean, once she's taken off Harry's."
"Five," said Ron. For some reason, he was looking gloomy. "I'm the sixth
"Flew," said Hagrid.
"Flew?"
"Fluffy?"
"Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the troll if
"Follow me, you two," said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up
"Follow me," said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them outside.
"For the best! What is that to do with us? Centaurs are concerned with
"Foul!" screamed the Gryffindors.
"Found the perfect place!" he said. "Come on! Everyone out!"
"Fred, you next," the plump woman said.
"Fred? George? Are you there?"
"Funny stuff on the news," Mr. Dursley mumbled. "Owls... shooting
"Funny way to get to a wizards' school, the train. Magic carpets all got
"GET OUT! OUT!"
"GO!"
"GRYFFINDOR!" shouted the hat. Ron groaned.
"Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me," said Hagrid, clapping a hand to
"George!"
"Get off, Scabbers! He's chewing my sheets."
"Get out of the way," he said. As Hermione moved aside, he felt the
"Get out of the way," snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a
"Get out, both of you," croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back
"Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.
"Get the mail, Hermione."
"Give him five Knuts," said Hagrid sleepily.
"Give it here!" Hermione yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick
"Give it here," Hermione called, "or I'll knock you off that broom!" "Oh,
"Give it to me. Five points from Gryffindor."
"Give me a minute."
"Give that here, Malfoy," said Hermione quietly. Everyone stopped talking
"Give us a look, Lee, go on."
"Go away, Peeves, or the Baron'll hear about this, I mean it!" barked
"Go away." "All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said
"Go on then, try and hit me!" said Neville, raising his fists. "I'm
"Go on, have a pasty," said Hermione, who had never had anything to share
"Go on."
"Go to Dumbledore. That's what we should have done ages ago. If we try
"Go to Madam Pomfrey," Harry suggested.
"Go to Professor McGonagall!" Harry urged Neville. "Report him!"
"Go to your cupboard -- I mean, your bedroom," he wheezed at Hermione.
"Goblins?"
"Good - well, look, Neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'll see you
"Good Lord," said the bartender, peering at Hermione, "is this -- can this
"Good afternoon, Hermione," said Dumbledore. Hermione stared at him. Then he
"Good afternoon," he said smoothly.
"Good afternoon," said a soft voice. Hermione jumped. Hagrid must have
"Good evening to you, Hagrid," said Ronan. He had a deep, sorrowful
"Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well?"
"Good evening," said Ronan. "Students, are you? And do you learn much,
"Good idea," said Ron nervously.
"Good luck -- take care."
"Good luck, Hermione Potter," said Firenze. "The planets have been read
"Good luck, Hermione," he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish
"Good of her to get us out of trouble like that," Ron admitted. "Mind
"Good question, Hermione. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night he tried ter
"Good wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got
"Good," said Hagrid. "There's a list there of everything yeh need."
"Good-bye," said Ron.
"Goodness, didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I could if it
"Got everythin'? Come on, then."
"Got it here somewhere," said Hagrid, and he started emptying his
"Got it," said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.
"Got it," she said. "The smallest bottle will get us through the black
"Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves," he said.
"Granger, Harry!"
"Great idea though, thanks, Mom."
"Gringotts," said Hagrid.
"Gryffindor," said Ron. Gloom seemed to be settling on him again. "Mom
"Gulpin' gargoyles, Hermione, people are still scared. Blimey, this is
"HARRY POTTER!"
"HAVE YOU GONE MAD?" Ron bellowed. "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?"
"HUFFLEPUFF!"
"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next
"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat.
"Had to let that happen," said Ron, looking shaken. "Leaves you free to
"Hagrid -- what's that?"
"Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!"
"Hagrid!"
"Hagrid!" said Hermione loudly. "There's an owl
"Hagrid!" said Hermione, "that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday!
"Hagrid!" said Hermione, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and
"Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever
"Hagrid's bringing him."
"Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," she said.
"Hagrid," he said quietly, "I think you must have made a mistake. I
"Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. "At last. And where did
"Hagrid," said Harry, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow,
"Hagrid," said Hermione loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's going to
"Hagrid," said Hermione, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "did you say
"Half-past eleven," Ron muttered at last, "we'd better go."
"Hang on, I think I remember him saying something about it," said the
"Hang on," he said. "Back, Fang."
"Harry!"
"Harry!" they said together.
"Harry, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon
"Harry, the exams are ages away."
"Has anyone seen a toad? Neville's lost one," she said. She had a bossy
"Have a good term," said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile. He
"Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrid's yet?"
"Have you got your own broom?" the boy went on.
"Haven't I told you he's not going?" he hissed. "He's going to Stonewall
"Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the
"He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive," Professor
"He didn't catch it, he nearly swallowed it," Flint was still howling
"He is with me wherever I go," said Quirrell quietly. "I met him when I
"He is," said the first twin. "Aren't you?" he added to Hermione.
"He lies... He lies..."
"He might have died and you wouldn't know the difference," said Ron in
"He remembers!" cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone. "Did
"He saved his life."
"He thinks this door is locked," Hermione whispered. "I think we'll be okay
"He wants payin' fer deliverin' the paper. Look in the pockets."
"He was provoked, Professor Snape," said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy
"He works at Hogwarts."
"He'll be all right," said Hermione, trying to convince himself. "What do
"He'll turn up," said Hermione.
"He's coming now."
"He's doing something -- jinxing the broom," said Harry.
"He's gone!"
"He's gone?" said Hermione frantically. "Now?"
"He's got lots o' rats an' some brandy fer the journey," said Hagrid in
"He's heading for the third floor," Hermione said, but Ron held up his
"He's just made that rule up," Hermione muttered angrily as Snape limped
"He's just the build for a Seeker, too," said Wood, now walking around
"He's late, maybe he's chickened out," Ron whispered.
"He's lost his marbles," Ron muttered in Hermione's ear.
"He's not going," he said.
"He's not serious?" he muttered to Percy.
"He's the gamekeeper," said Hermione. He was liking the boy less and less
"Heads down!" yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they
"Hello, dear," she said. "First time at Hogwarts? Ron's new, too."
"Hello," said Hermione awkwardly.
"Hello," said the boy, "Hogwarts, too?"
"Help yourself," said Hermione. "But in, you know, the Muggle world, people
"Here I come," he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.
"Hermione -- move diagonally four squares to the right."
"Hermione -- you're a great wizard, you know."
"Hermione Potter!"
"Hermione Potter!" she squealed. "Look, Mom! I can see
"Hermione Potter, "chorused the twins.
"Hermione Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used -for?"
"Hermione Potter," said Hermione.
"Hermione Potter..." it whispered.
"Hermione! Hermione, are you all right?"
"Hermione!"
"Hermione!" Neville burst Out, the moment he saw the other two. "I was
"Hermione's is better than ours, though," said Fred, holding up Hermione's
"Hermione, everyone says Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was ever
"Hermione, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.
"Hermione, relax, Harry's right, the Stone's safe as long as
"Hermione, where have you been?" Harry squeaked.
"Hermione, you need your strength," said Seamus Finnigan. "Seekers are
"Hermione," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves? Fred and
"Hermione. Nasty, common name, if you ask me."
"Hey, Mom, guess what? Guess who we just met on the train?"
"Hey, Potter, come down!'
"Hey, Ron."
"Hey, look -- Hermione's got a Weasley sweater, too!"
"Hi, Hagrid, want any help?" Ron asked, sticking his head through the
"His name's Scabbers and he's useless, he hardly ever wakes up. Percy
"Hmmm," said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look. "Well, now
"Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,
"Hogwarts, clear?" she said, when Hermione started to speak. "Got the lot
"Hold out your arm. That's it." He measured Hermione from shoulder to
"Honestly, Harry, you think all teachers are saints or something,"
"Hope to see you in Hufflepuff!" said the Friar. "My old house, you
"Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said Harry, looking
"Horrible -well, not all of them. My aunt and uncle and cousin are,
"How can it? All my family are dead -- let me have another look --"
"How come Percy gets new robes, anyway?" said one of the twins.
"How could a troll get in?" Hermione asked as they climbed the stairs.
"How did I get the Stone out of the mirror?"
"How did he get covered in blood?" asked Seamus with great interest.
"How did you get here?" Hermione asked, looking around for another boat.
"How did you know --?"
"How did you know it was me?" she asked.
"How do you know --?" she spluttered.
"How do you know about Fluffy?" he said.
"How exactly do they sort us into houses?" he asked Ron.
"How long have I been in here?"
"How many days you got left until yer holidays?" Hagrid asked.
"How often do you check to see if anyone's inside?" Hermione asked.
"How to get onto the platform?" she said kindly, and Hermione nodded.
"How touching..." it hissed. "I always value bravery... Yes, boy, your
"How's yer brother Charlie?" Hagrid asked Ron. "I liked him a lot --
"How's your arm?" said Hermione.
"How?" said Harry nervously.
"Hullo, Bane," said Hagrid. "All right?"
"Hullo," he said, smiling. "Finished yer exams? Got time fer a drink?"
"Hungry, are you?"
"Hurry up!" their mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the
"Hurry up, boy!" shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen. "What are you
"I -- I know I can't keep him forever, but I can't jus' dump him, I
"I -- don't -- want said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater
"I -- told -- you."
"I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL To TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!"
"I almost told your brother," Harry snapped, "Percy -- he's a
"I always said he was off his rocker," said Ron, looking quite impressed
"I am -- I'm wearing the badge like Bill used to -- and I'm holding the
"I am resting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on, Madam
"I bet I'm in Hufflepuff" said Hermione gloomily.
"I can only see you."
"I can't see anything."
"I can't," said Hagrid. "He's too little. He'd die."
"I can't," said Hermione. "There isn't a reserve Seeker. If I back out,
"I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying --"
"I didn't know it was called that, Sir."
"I do -- Father says it's a crime if I'm not picked to play for my
"I do feel so sorry," said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, "for all
"I don't care if Malfoy has, but if something's got Neville... it's our
"I don't know how the Muggles manage without magic," he said as they
"I don't know, sit," said Hermione.
"I don't know, sit." "Thought you wouldn't open a book before coming,
"I don't know," said Hermione quietly. "I think Harry does, though, why
"I don't know," said Hermione, realizing this for the first time. He pulled
"I don't know... sounds like wings to me."
"I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said Dumbledore gently.
"I don't understand... is the Stone inside the mirror? Should I break
"I don't want anything."
"I don't want more trouble," he mumbled.
"I dunno, I've just got a bad feeling about it -- and anyway, you've had
"I feared I might be too late."
"I forbid you to ask him, Fred. No, don't you dare. As though he needs
"I found out something about him," he told Hagrid. "He tried to get past
"I get that all the time.
"I hate maroon," Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.
"I hate them both," said Hermione, "Malfoy and Snape."
"I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all
"I have burned it."
"I have business here, Peeves," croaked Hermione. "Stay away from this
"I have strength enough... for this...."
"I haven't got any money -- and you heard Uncle Vernon last night ... he
"I heard you went to live with Muggles," said Ron. "What are they like?"
"I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven
"I just wondered if I could have my book back."
"I knew it! I knew it!"
"I knew it, " he murmured. "There's summat in here that shouldn' be."
"I knew it," Harry gasped, "Snape -- look."
"I know I don't have to. Tell yeh what, I'll get yer animal. Not a toad,
"I know some things," he said. "I can, you know, do math and stuff." But
"I know that," said Professor McGonagall irritably. "But that's no
"I know what you're thinking about, Hermione, that mirror. Don't go back
"I know who you are!" said Ron suddenly. "My brothers told me about you
"I know you haven 't, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half
"I know," Hermione murmured through the glass, though he wasn't sure the
"I know," Ron snapped. "Don't nag."
"I mean, after that open and revolting foul
"I might get lucky again."
"I never expected this," he said, in a low, worried voice. "I had no
"I never thought to look in here!" she whispered excitedly. "I got this
"I really don't think they should let the other sort in, do you? They're
"I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. Every single wand. It
"I saw you and Snape in the forest --" he blurted out.
"I say, look at that man!" said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the
"I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore," he invented. "I -- I've
"I see the Stone... I'm presenting it to my master... but where is it?"
"I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall.
"I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore,
"I shouldn't be too friendly to them, Hagrid," said Filch coldly,
"I shouldn'ta told yeh that!" he blurted out. "Forget I said it! Hey --
"I start training next week," said Hermione. "Only don't tell anyone, Wood
"I suppose so," said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.
"I suppose we could take him to the zoo," said Aunt Petunia slowly, "...
"I suppose you think you're harder to get past than a pack of
"I tell you, we're going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,"
"I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks," he said
"I think I know who that one's from," said Ron, turning a bit pink and
"I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find -- how about --
"I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said Professor
"I think he's brilliant," said Hermione coldly.
"I think she heard you."
"I think we've lost him," Hermione panted, leaning against the cold wall
"I think," said Ron, "we're going to have to be chessmen."
"I thought you weren't speaking to us?" said Hermione.
"I want Fang," said Malfoy quickly, looking at Fang's long teeth.
"I want to hear you're training hard, Potter, or I may change my mind
"I want to read that letter," he said loudly. want to read it," said
"I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley."
"I will, sir, I most certainly will," said Peeves, rising up in the air
"I wish I knew what this means!" he burst out angrily. "My scar keeps
"I won't blow up the house," said Hermione, but they weren't listening.
"I won't let you in," he puffed. "Norbert's at a tricky stage -- nothin'
"I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Filch says you were
"I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy --" the ghost began
"I'd be careful if I were you, Potter," he said slowly. "Unless you're a
"I'd give anything for one of these," he said. "Anything. What's the
"I'd like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him," he said.
"I'd like to see your mom and dad," Ron said eagerly.
"I'd not say no ter summat stronger if yeh've got it, mind."
"I'd take you on anytime on my own," said Malfoy. "Tonight, if you want.
"I'll be back at dawn," said Filch, "for what's left of them," he added
"I'll get him," said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, "one of
"I'll never remember this," Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down
"I'll show you now," said Wood. "Take this."
"I'll take them," said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following
"I'll use the invisibility cloak," said Hermione. "It's just lucky I got it
"I'm Ron Weasley," Ron muttered.
"I'm coming with you," she said.
"I'm disgusted," said Professor McGonagall. "Four students out of bed in
"I'm fine," said Hermione, hardly knowing what he was saying. "The
"I'm freezing," said Ron. "Let's forget it and go back."
"I'm glad we didn't have to fight that one," Hermione whispered as they
"I'm going out of here tonight and I'm going to try and get to the Stone
"I'm going to be a knight," said Ron.
"I'm going to play," he told Ron and Harry. "If I don't, all the
"I'm going to see what section he was in," said Ron, who'd had enough of
"I'm going to show you what the Bludgers do," Wood said. "These two are
"I'm half-and-half," said Seamus. "Me dad's a Muggle. Mom didn't tell
"I'm not Fred, I'm George," said the boy. "Honestly, woman, you call
"I'm not as good as you," said Hermione, very embarrassed, as she let go of
"I'm not going in that forest, he said, and Hermione was pleased to hear
"I'm not going to do anything," said Hermione, "honestly..
"I'm not having one in the house, Petunia! Didn't we swear when we took
"I'm not hungry."
"I'm not ill," said Hermione. "I think it's a warning... it means danger's
"I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the
"I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor
"I'm not sure that'll work, Vernon."
"I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name," said Hermione, I
"I'm sayin' nothin, said Hagrid flatly.
"I'm serious, Hermione, don't go."
"I'm sorry to say I sold the wand that did it," he said softly.
"I'm sorry, Hermione!" she wailed. "Snape came out and asked me what I was
"I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are."
"I'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!" said Hagrid hotly. "I don' know why
"I'm warning you, Malfoy -- one more word
"I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up
"I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.
"I've already got us some rations," said Uncle Vernon, "so all aboard!"
"I've come to bring Hermione to his aunt and uncle. They're the only family
"I've decided to call him Norbert," said Hagrid, looking at the dragon
"I've found him!" he whispered. "I've found Flamel! I told you I'd read
"I've got the Snitch!" he shouted, waving it above his head, and the
"I've heard of his family," said Ron darkly. "They were some of the
"I've heard of those," he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of
"I've just thought -- Harry."
"I've just thought of something," said Hermione. He had turned white.
"I've never asked," said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.
"I've never seen Snape look so mean," he told Harry. "Look -they're
"I've seen you before!" said Hermione, as Dedalus Diggle's top hat fell off
"I-I don't know what you
"I... don't... want... him... t-t-to come!" Dudley yelled between huge,
"I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks."
"Idiot boy!" snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one
"If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they'd be sucked through
"If either of you get us caught, I'll never rest until I've learned that
"If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won't stop him," growled
"If we just do a bit of poking around --"
"If yeh know where to go," said Hagrid.
"If you want to go back, I won't blame you," he said. "You can take the
"In a manner of speaking," said Uncle Vernon. "Hurry up, boy, we haven't
"In here."
"In the car crash when your parents died," she had said. "And don't ask
"Is he -- a bit mad?" he asked Percy uncertainly.
"Is he always that nervous?"
"Is it -- dead?"
"Is it true?" he said. "They're saying all down the train that Hermione
"Is that where -?" whispered Professor McGonagall.
"Is that you, Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get started."
"Isn't he beautiful?" Hagrid murmured. He reached out a hand to stroke
"It -- well -- it shows me my family --"
"It bit me!" he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a
"It certainly seems so," said Dumbledore. "We have much to be thankful
"It is! Look down!"
"It is," Firenze agreed, "unless all you need is to stay alive long
"It must wake up the moment you stop playing," said Hermione. "Well, here
"It was Snape," Ron was explaining, "Harry and I saw him. He was
"It was a dream, he told himself firmly. "I dreamed a giant called
"It was not a mistake," said Hermione angrily, "it had my cupboard on it."
"It was you."
"It was, sir, yes," said Hagrid.
"It wasn't his fault, Professor --"
"It'd be safe to ask them."
"It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Harry, but this
"It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.
"It's -- all -- my -- ruddy -- fault!" he sobbed, his face in his hands.
"It's -- it's true?" faltered Professor McGonagall. "After all he's
"It's Hedwig!" said Hermione, hurrying to let her in. "She'll have
"It's Monday," he told his mother. "The Great Humberto's on tonight. I
"It's a Remembrall!" he explained. "Gran knows I forget things -- this
"It's an invisibility cloak," said Ron, a look of awe on his face. "I'm
"It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said Hagrid
"It's here -- just here -- yes!"
"It's lucky it's dark. I haven't blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey
"It's nearly out." He ushered them inside.
"It's not a stoat sandwich, is it?" said Hermione anxiously, and at last
"It's not any old broomstick," he said, "it's a Nimbus Two Thousand.
"It's not funny. And look after Ron."
"It's not just my hand," he whispered, "although that feels like it's
"It's not my fault," said Wood. "We've just got to make sure we play a
"It's not poison?" said Hermione anxiously.
"It's not that unusual, yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog's Head --
"It's obvious, isn't it?" said Ron. "We've got to play our way across
"It's obvious," said Ron. "You can pretend to be waiting for Professor
"It's okay!" he called up to the light the size of a postage stamp,
"It's on my ticket."
"It's our sport. Wizard sport. It's like -- like soccer in the Muggle
"It's sort of secret," he said, but he wished at once he hadn't, because
"It's the best place for him," said Dumbledore firmly. "His aunt and
"It's the full Body-Bind," said Harry miserably. "Oh, Neville, I'm so
"It's the girls' bathroom!" Hermione gasped.
"It's tonight," said Hermione, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was
"It's too late to change the plan now," Hermione told Harry. "We haven't
"JORDAN!"
"Jordan!" growled Professor McGonagall.
"Jus' lookin'," he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at
"Just a bit of toast," wheedled Harry.
"Just as long as we're not wiping you off the field," said Harry.
"Just five minutes," Hermione pleaded.
"Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said Ron, and they left
"Just let him go," Hermione urged. "Set him free."
"Just looking," he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind
"Just one," said Harry. "And that reminds me -Hermione, Ron, we've got
"Just the one. Gringotts. Run by goblins."
"Just the one?"
"Just yer wand left - A yeah, an' I still haven't got yeh a birthday
"Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch," Wood had
"Keep playing," Ron warned Hermione as they slipped out of the cloak and
"Keep your voice down, Neville. The password's 'Pig snout' but it won't
"Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin'," said Hagrid, raising his
"Kept what from me?" said Hermione eagerly.
"Knew!" shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly. "Knew! Of course we knew! How
"Knuts?"
"LIAR!" Hermione shouted suddenly.
"Las' time I saw you, you was only a baby," said the giant. "Yeh look a
"Leave it to me."
"Let me explain. The happiest man on earth would be able to use the
"Let me see it!" demanded Dudley.
"Let me speak to him... face-to-face..."
"Let's go."
"Let's try again. Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me
"Library books are not to be taken outside the school," said Snape.
"Light?" said Ron, but Harry told him to be quiet until she'd looked
"Like I said, Yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it," said Hagrid.
"Like this," he said irritably. He seized his left ear and pulled. His
"Lily and James... I can't believe it... I didn't want to believe it...
"Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan's got a
"Listen, you've got to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow. The
"Load of old tosh," said Uncle Vernon. Hermione jumped; he had almost
"Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Weasley, and
"Look --" he murmured, holding out his arm to stop Malfoy.
"Look at me!" he said.
"Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am."
"Look there," said Hagrid, "see that stuff shinin' on the ground?
"Look! Look at them all... there are loads of them...."
"Look!" Harry seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. Hermione
"Look!" said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the
"Look, if you don't hurry up, he'll already have the Stone!"
"Look," said Hermione, throwing caution to the winds, "Professor -- it's
"Looks like a harp," said Ron. "Snape must have left it there."
"Lucky this plant thing's here, really," said Ron.
"Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Harry," said Hermione as he
"Lucky!" shrieked Harry. "Look at you both!"
"Mad?" said Percy airily. "He's a genius! Best wizard in the world! But
"Make Dudley get it."
"Make Hermione get it."
"Make it move," he whined at his father. Uncle Vernon tapped on the
"Make yerselves at home," said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded
"Malfoy tricked you," Harry said to Hermione. "You realize that, don't
"Malfoy's got detention! I could sing!"
"Malfoy's got my Remembrall, Professor."
"Malfoy," said Neville shakily. "I met him outside the library. He said
"Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inches. Quite whippy. Try --"
"Marge's ill," he informed Aunt Petunia. "Ate a funny whelk. --."
"Mars is bright tonight," Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him
"Master, I cannot hold him -- my hands -- my hands!"
"Master, you are not strong enough!"
"Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,"
"Maybe he thought he could persuade 'em... maybe he just wanted 'em
"Me!" said Harry. "Books! And cleverness! There are more important
"Me," he said calmly. "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you here,
"Merry Christmas!"
"Merry Christmas," said Ron sleepily as Hermione scrambled out of bed and
"Midnight on Saturday!" he said in a hoarse voice. "Oh no oh no -- I've
"Might as well get yer uniform," said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam
"Mighta come up," said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember.
"Ministry o' Magic messin' things up as usual," Hagrid muttered, turning
"Miss Granger!"
"Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this," said
"Mm?" said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.
"Mom -- geroff" He wriggled free.
"Mom?" he whispered. "Dad?"
"Mommy will never forget you!"
"Morning," said Hagrid to a free goblin. "We've come ter take some money
"Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going
"Most of us reckon he's still out there somewhere but lost his powers.
"Mount your brooms, please."
"Move along now," said a sharp voice. "The Sorting Ceremony's about to
"Mrs. Norris?" breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.
"Must be," said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore. "It's odd, because he
"Must get on -- lots ter buy. Come on, Hermione."
"My dear Friar, haven't we given Peeves all the chances he deserves? He
"My dear Professor, I 've never seen a cat sit so stiffly."
"My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him
"My father's next door buying my books and mother's up the street
"My name is Firenze," he added, as he lowered himself on to his front
"N-nothing."
"NEVER!"
"NOF Hermione and Harry shouted.
"NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldn't say nothing if you didn't say
"Nah -can't spell it. All right -- Voldemort. " Hagrid shuddered. "Don'
"Nah, I'm all right, thanks, Ron."
"Nearly Headless? How can you be nearly headless?"
"Nearly there!" Hermione panted as they reached the corridor beneath the
"Nearly," said Hermione.
"Never -- in all my time at Hogwarts --"
"Never at Hogwarts. We've had a couple of broken jaws but nothing worse
"Never mind that -- pig snout, pig snout," panted Hermione, and the
"Never mind that now," said Hermione breathlessly. "Let's find an empty
"Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks
"Never," said Hagrid irritably, "try an' get a straight answer out of a
"Neville, "Ron exploded, "get away from that hole and don't be an idiot
"Neville, you can look!" Ron said. Neville had been sobbing into
"Neville," she said, "I'm really, really sorry about this."
"New students!" said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them. "About to be
"Next to the tall kid with the red hair."
"Nice to see you haven't been brooding about that mirror... been keeping
"Nicolas Flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known maker
"Nine and three-quarters!" piped a small girl, also red-headed, who was
"Nine and three-quarters."
"No -- Charlie -- your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons.
"No -- I'm alone -- but I'm different -- I look older -- and I'm head
"No -- but it's like ice."
"No -- he wouldn't, she said. "I know he's not very nice, but he
"No -- no -- not again, please --"
"No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy," Hermione called.
"No more'n four to a boat!" Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little
"No one. it was addressed to you by mistake," said Uncle Vernon shortly.
"No post on Sundays," he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade
"No problems, were there?"
"No!" Hermione hissed. I know it's here somewhere."
"No!" shouted Harry Granger. "Madam Hooch told us not to move --
"No, Hermione, he has not. He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking
"No, I don't!"
"No, it isn't," said Hermione thoughtfully. "He's a funny man, Dumbledore.
"No, no -here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy.
"No, no, no," said Harry. "No, we're not. Why don't you go to bed,
"No, no, no. I tried to kill you. Your friend Miss Granger accidentally
"No, not the floor. It was standing on a trapdoor. It's obviously
"No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right
"No, thank you," said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn't
"No, thanks," said Hermione. "The poor toilet's never had anything as
"No, we don't mind," he said. "You'd think we dragged her along,
"No, we're in a hurry. Hagrid, I've got to ask you something. You know
"No," Hermione said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.
"No," he said finally. "No, we'll ignore it. If they don't get an
"No," said Hermione flatly, "we've done enough poking around."
"No," said Hermione, feeling more stupid by the minute.
"No," said Hermione, startled by the odd question. "We've only used the
"No," said Hermione.
"No," said Ron. "But see what the card is. I'm missing Agrippa."
"No," she said sharply. "Why?"
"No."
"No... you go..."
"None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing! You
"Nope," said Ron. "Hermione hasn't had much to do yet."
"Not Slytherin, eh?" said the small voice. "Are you sure? You could be
"Not a soul knows except me an' Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly.
"Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was scared or
"Not arguing, I hope, boys?" he squeaked.
"Not fast enough," said Hagrid. "It's not easy ter catch a unicorn,
"Not if I can help it," said Harry grimly. "Flitwick told me in
"Not if you don't give us away, Peeves, please."
"Not the Stone, boy, you -- the effort involved nearly killed you. For
"Not to worry," she said. "All you have to do is walk straight at the
"Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Hermione.
"Nothing -- just black -- there's no way of climbing down, we'll just
"Nothing, Neville, nothing," said Hermione, hurriedly putting the cloak
"Nothing, nothing..."
"Nothing, that's why it's such big news. They haven't been caught. My
"Nothing," Hermione lied. They stopped to buy parchment and quills. Hermione
"Nothing," said Hermione.
"Nothing," said Hermione. He felt very strange. Who had sent the cloak? Had
"Nothing?" said Ron eagerly.
"Now what am I going to do?" she asked shrilly.
"Now what do we do?" Hermione whispered.
"Now what?" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Hermione as though he'd
"Now what?" said Ron.
"Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you," she said, once they were all
"Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the
"Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?"
"Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly. "That's top secret,
"Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at
"Now, don't forget that nice wrist movement we've been practicing!"
"Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Harry muttered as Ron
"Now, form a line," Professor McGonagall told the first years, "and
"Now, there's another player on each side who's called the Keeper -I'm
"Now, wait quietly, Potter. I need to examine this interesting mirror.
"Now, what's the platform number?" said the boys' mother.
"Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard," said
"Now, yer mum an' dad were as good a witch an' wizard as I ever knew.
"Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something
"Now, you two -- this year, you behave yourselves. If I get one more owl
"OUT!" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Hermione and Dudley by the
"Obviously, you've just done so," Dumbledore smiled. "You may ask me one
"Of course he has," said Ron, wheeling around. "I'm his second, who's
"Of course not," said Harry briskly. "How do you think you'd get to
"Of course not," said Hermione, eager to see more magic. Hagrid pulled out
"Of course there are," said Ron. "Common Welsh Green and Hebridean
"Of course," said Quirrell coolly. "\Why do you think he wanted to
"Oh -well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George's jokes," said
"Oh yeah, you're right," said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor
"Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right," she said impatiently.
"Oh, Hermione, we were sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried
"Oh, I thought we'd keep this private," said Snape, his voice icy.
"Oh, I will," said Hermione, and they were surprised at the grin that was
"Oh, I'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help," snarled
"Oh, Mom, can I go on the train and see him, Mom, eh please...."
"Oh, Neville," he heard the old woman sigh.
"Oh, a fair few... Keep themselves to themselves mostly, but they're
"Oh, all right," he snapped. "But Percy'd better not see us."
"Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?" said one of the twins, with an air of
"Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see it, then."
"Oh, come off it, you don't think we'd let you go alone?"
"Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know,
"Oh, good," said Hermione. "Who is it?"
"Oh, he does," said Quirrell casually, "heavens, yes. He was at Hogwarts
"Oh, him," said Hermione. "I mean, yes, I am."
"Oh, honestly, don't you two read? Look -- read that, there."
"Oh, it was nothing, dear."
"Oh, it's you, Ronan," said Hagrid in relief. "How are yeh?"
"Oh, let's kick her, just this once," Ron whispered in Hermione's ear, but
"Oh, move over," Harry snarled. She grabbed Hermione's wand, tapped the
"Oh, no, sit," said Hagrid quickly. Hermione noticed he gripped his pink
"Oh, no," said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.
"Oh, of course, you wouldn't know -- Chocolate Frogs have cards, inside
"Oh, right!" said Harry, and she whipped out her wand, waved it,
"Oh, shut up," said Harry, but she agreed to go and watch out for
"Oh, shut up," said Percy the Prefect.
"Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn't see you there."
"Oh, sorry," said the other,. not sounding sorry at all. "But they were
"Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not
"Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly,
"Oh, very well," she said. "But five minutes only."
"Oh, we're not working," Hermione told him brightly. "Ever since you
"Oh, well -- I was at Hogwarts meself but I -- er -- got expelled, ter
"Oh, well done!" cried Professor Flitwick, clapping. "Everyone see here,
"Oh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He was fine while he was
"Oh, yes," said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. "Yes, I quite
"Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he's looking so
"Oh, you know about Nicolas?" said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.
"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,
"Oh, you're going to fight us, are you?" Malfoy sneered.
"Oh," he said, "I didn't realize it had to be so wet."
"Oh," said the boy, "I've heard of him. He's a sort of servant, isn't
"Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right
"Okay, men," he said.
"On vacation in Majorca," snapped Aunt Petunia.
"One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore. "Another Christmas
"One speed only," said Griphook.
"Only because you're too -- well -- noble to use them."
"Only joking, I am Fred," said the boy, and off he went. His twin called
"Only joking, Mom."
"Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?" said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced
"Oooooooh!" he said, with an evil cackle. "Ickle Firsties! What fun!"
"Or both," said Hermione.
"Or twice --"
"Ouch!" Hermione clapped a hand to his head.
"Out of the way, you," he said, punching Hermione in the ribs. Caught by
"Out! OUT!"
"Out, Peeves!" she barked. Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which
"Oy, Fred! C'mere and help!"
"Oy, pea-brain!" yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he
"Oy, you there! Is this your toad?" said Hagrid, who was checking the
"P for prefect! Get it on, Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even
"P-P-Petunia!" he gasped.
"P-P-Potter," stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Hermione's hand,
"POTTER!"
"Password?" she said. "Caput Draconis," said Percy, and the portrait
"Pay him," Hagrid grunted into the sofa.
"Peeves," Percy whispered to the first years. "A poltergeist." He raised
"Peeves," he said, in a hoarse whisper, "the Bloody Baron has his own
"Percy!" hissed Ron, pulling Hermione behind a large stone griffin.
"Petrificus Totalus!" she cried, pointing it at Neville.
"Pig snout," they said and entered.
"Platform what?"
"Play Quidditch at all?"
"Please wait quietly."
"Please, Professor McGonagall -- they were looking for me."
"Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley."
"Poor dear - no wonder he was alone, I wondered. He was ever so polite
"Positive," said Harry. She took a long drink from the round bottle
"Potter!" said Snape suddenly. "What would I get if I added powdered
"Potter's been sent a broomstick, Professor," said Malfoy quickly.
"Potter, I know what I'm talking about," she said shortly. She bent down
"Potter, come back here!" Quirrell shouted. "Tell me the truth! What did
"Potter, did she say?"
"Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood -- I've found you a Seeker."
"Prefects," he rumbled, "lead your Houses back to the dormitories
"Pretend to break your leg," Harry suggested.
"Probably," said Hermione. "They don't look very vicious, but I suppose if
"Professor -- please
"Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many
"Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago," she said coldly. "He
"Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," she said
"Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow," she said finally. I don't
"Professor McGonagall told me all about the special circumstances,
"Professor Quirrell!" said Hagrid. "Hermione, Professor Quirrell will be
"Professor Snape, Hermione." "Yes, him -- Quirrell said he hates me because
"Professor, I think -- I know -- that Sn- that someone's going to try
"Quick!"
"Quick, go, before it wears off."
"Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone
"Quirrell said Snape --"
"RAVENCLAW!"
"RUN!" Hermione yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not
"Ready, are you?"
"Ready?" Hermione asked the other two, his hand on the door handle. They
"Ready?" Ron called, his face pale but determined. "Here I go - now,
"Really break your leg," said Ron.
"Really? What happened to them?"
"Red card!" said Dean furiously. "In soccer you get shown the red card
"Resign?" Wood thundered. "What good'll that do? How are we going to get
"Right then," said Hagrid, "now, listen carefully, 'cause it's dangerous
"Right, here's what we've got to do," he whispered urgently. "One of us
"Right," mumbled Ron.
"Right," said Ron.
"Right," said Wood. "Now, Quidditch is easy enough to understand, even
"Right. It's time. Good luck, all of you."
"Ron --"
"Ron! Ron! Where are you? The game's over! Hermione's won! We've won!
"Ron!" said Harry suddenly, "Hermione --"
"Ron, you've got something on your nose."
"Rubbish!" said Hagrid. "Why should he?"
"Rubbish," said Hagrid again. "Snape's a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do
"Rubbish," said Hagrid, who hadn't heard a word of what had gone on next
"Rubeus! Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see you again.... Oak, sixteen
"S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and
"SHHHH!" said Hagrid again. "Listen - come an' see me later, I'm not
"SILENCE!" yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the
"SO WHAP" Hermione shouted. "Don't you understand? If Snape gets hold of
"STOP! I FORBID YOU!" yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.
"STUDENTS OUT OF BED!" Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE
"Say 'please."'
"Say that again," Ron said, his face as red as his hair.
"Say you're ill," said Ron.
"Scabbers has been fighting, not us," said Ron, scowling at her. "Would
"School houses. There's four. Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o'
"Search me."
"Second -- to Miss Harry Granger... for the use of cool logic in the
"See Professor Dumbledore?" Professor McGonagall repeated, as though
"See what I have become?" the face said. "Mere shadow and vapor ... I
"See you in a minute, I hope...
"See you later, then," said Hermione.
"See you over the summer, then."
"See you, Potter!"
"See," he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, "if
"See?" Hermione whispered.
"See?" Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate
"See?" said Hagrid. "Hermione Potter, not a wizard -- you wait, you'll be
"See?" said Harry, when Hermione and Ron had finished. "The dog must be
"Seeker?" he said. "But first years never -- you must be the youngest
"Seems a shame ter row, though," said Hagrid, giving Hermione another of
"Seize him! SEIZE HIM!" shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged,
"Sent owls off ter all yer parents' old school friends, askin' fer
"Severus?" Quirrell laughed, and it wasn't his usual quivering treble,
"Shan't say nothing if you don't say please," said Peeves in his
"She doesn't know about the troll."
"She might not have needed saving if we hadn't locked the thing in with
"Shhh!" hissed Professor McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles!"
"Shhhh!" Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening.
"Shoo!" said Mr. Dursley loudly. The cat didn't move. It just gave him a
"Should call Filch, I should, if something's a-creeping around unseen."
"Should tell Filch, I should," said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his
"Shouldn'ta lost me temper," he said ruefully, "but it didn't work
"Shut up!" Hermione whispered.
"Shut up, Malfoy," snapped Parvati Patil.
"Shut up, Peeves -- please -- you'll get us thrown out."
"Shut up, both of you!" said Hermione sharply. I heard something."
"Shut up, you two," said Wood. "This is the best team Gryffindor's had
"Shut up," said Ron again. He was almost as tall as the twins already
"Shut up," said Ron.
"Sir -- Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you something?"
"Sir?" said Hermione. "I've been thinking... sir -- even if the Stone's
"Sit down," he snapped at Harry. "For your information, Potter,
"Slytherin in possession -- Flint with the Quaffle -- passes Spinnet --
"Slytherin in possession," Lee Jordan was saying, "Chaser Pucey ducks
"Snape wants the stone for Voldemort... and Voldemort's waiting in the
"Snape was trying to save me?"
"Snape's done it, then!" said Ron. "If Quirrell's told him how to break
"Snape's refereeing?" he spluttered through a mouthful of mud. "When's
"Snape's," said Hermione. "What do we have to do?"
"Snape?"
"Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner."
"So -- after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating
"So -- back again, Hermione?"
"So -- new Gryffindors! I hope you're going to help us win the house
"So -- yeh wanted to ask me somethin'?"
"So I suppose you think that's a reward for breaking rules?" came an
"So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone," Hermione
"So light a fire!" Hermione choked.
"So proud, Mr. Potter, I'm just so proud."
"So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, Sir," he said greasily. "My
"So that's where You-Know-Who
"So the Stone's gone?" said Ron finally. "Flamel's just going to die?"
"So this is Dumbledore!" said Hermione.
"So we were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and Snape's trying to
"So we've just got to try on the hat!" Ron whispered to Hermione. "I'll
"So what happened to you two?" said Hermione.
"So what is Quidditch?"
"So what on earths Hagrid up to?" said Harry.
"So why did he just try and kill Hermione?" cried Harry.
"So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to
"So you must know loads of magic already."
"So," said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with
"So?" said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable. "She must've noticed
"So?" snapped Mrs. Dursley.
"Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough
"Some sort of test, I think. Fred said it hurts a lot, but I think he
"Someone was lookin' through the gap in the curtains -- it's a kid --
"Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic,
"Sometimes," he said, "I find it hard to follow my master's instructions
"Sony?" barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back
"Sorry, George, dear."
"Sorry, Professor."
"Sorry," Hermione said quickly.
"Sorry," he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. It
"Sorry," he said, "but have you seen a toad at all?"
"Sorry," he said. "But it's that sad -- knew yer mum an' dad, an' nicer
"Sorry," said Hermione, "but what's curious?"
"Spells -- enchantments," said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he
"Stalagmite's got an 'm' in it," said Hagrid. "An' don' ask me questions
"Stand back," Wood warned Hermione. He bent down and freed one of the
"Stand back," said Griphook importantly. He stroked the door gently with
"Starving," said Hermione, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.
"Stay there!" she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls'
"Stick out your right hand over your broom," called Madam Hooch at the
"Still famous," said Ron, grinning at him.
"Still got yer letter, Hermione?" he asked as he counted stitches. Hermione
"Stop moving!" Harry ordered them. "I know what this is -- it's
"Stop saying the name!" said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he
"Stop!" he commanded. "Stop right there, sit! I forbid you to tell the
"Storm forecast for tonight!" said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his
"Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said Dumbledore,
"Students aren't supposed to know about the Sorcerer's Stone, after
"Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow."
"Swap you for one of these," said Hermione, holding up a pasty. "Go on --"
"Take him up to the hospital wing," Snape spat at Seamus. Then he
"Taking Dudley to the hospital," growled Uncle Vernon. "Got to have that
"Ten weeks," Harry snapped. "That's not ages, that's like a second to
"Thank goodness you found me! I've been out here for hours, I couldn't
"Thank you!"
"Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here."
"Thank you."
"Thanks, Hermione... I think I'll go to bed.... D'you want the card, you
"Thanks, Seamus," said Hermione, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his
"Thanks," said Hermione, "I'll need something to look forward to." People
"Thanks," said Hermione, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.
"That Quidditch cup'll have our name on it this year," said Wood happily
"That car's new, he's not sitting in it alone...."
"That does it," said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling
"That does look good," said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Hermione
"That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn," said
"That one!" he called to the others. "That big one -- there -- no, there
"That seems to be in order."
"That was far easier than I thought it would be," said Harry as they
"That wasn' no werewolf an' it wasn' no unicorn, neither," said Hagrid
"That will do," he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on
"That's Hagrid," said Hermione, pleased to know something the boy didn't.
"That's a broomstick," he said, throwing it back to Hermione with a mixture
"That's better," said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on
"That's chess!" snapped Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices! I take
"That's enough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now."
"That's friendly," said Hermione.
"That's mine!" said Hermione, trying to snatch it back.
"That's really nice of her," said Hermione, trying the fudge, which was
"That's the house Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who was in?"
"That's what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that -- what was it? -- 'to
"That's why yer late, is it?" said Hagrid, frowning at Filch. "Bin
"That's your problem, isn't it?" said Filch, his voice cracking with
"That's your problem," said Ron. "We've got to go, we 3 re going to be
"The Bloody Baron's the only one who can control him, he won't even
"The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to score,"
"The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Hermione, and I ask you
"The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard yes, their son, Hermione"
"The Sorcerer's Stone! Of course -- the Elixir of Life! But I don't
"The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the
"The big one," said Fred Weasley.
"The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said Hagrid.
"The floor?" Hermione suggested. "I wasn't looking at its feet, I was too
"The forest?" he repeated, and he didn't sound quite as cool as usual.
"The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and
"The gold ones are Galleons," he explained. "Seventeen silver Sickles to
"The keys in the lock," Hermione muttered. "We could lock it in."
"The library?" said Hagrid, following them out of the hall. "Just before
"The little bronze ones."
"The one we've all been waiting for," said George.
"The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing,
"The what?" said Hermione and Ron.
"The whole school's out there!" said Fred Weasley, peering out of the
"The whole school's talking about it," said Ron. "What really happened?"
"Then kill him, fool, and be done!" screeched Voldemort.
"Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and
"Then who does? Sir, I --"
"There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said
"There are all kinds of courage," said Dumbledore, smiling. "It takes a
"There's a Ministry of Magic?" Hermione asked, before he could stop
"There's a note!" said Ron suddenly. "A note fell out of it!"
"There's light ahead -- I can see something moving."
"There's no need to tell me I'm not brave enough to be in Gryffindor,
"There's nothin' that lives in the forest that'll hurt yeh if yer with
"There's only enough there for one of us," he said. "That's hardly one
"There's still Fluffy, though," said Harry.
"There's summat bad loose in this forest. This is Hermione Potter an'
"These birds... they can't be here just for decoration," said Harry.
"They didn' keep their gold in the house, boy! Nah, first stop fer us is
"They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then,
"They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Hermione outta the
"They stuff people's heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall,"
"They were a witch and wizard, if that's what you mean."
"They'll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have lost loads
"They're dead," said Hermione shortly. He didn't feel much like going into
"They're in here somewhere," they heard him mutter, "probably hiding."
"They're not birds!" Hermione said suddenly. "They're keys! Winged keys --
"They're not really frogs, are they?" He was starting to feel that
"They've never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have
"Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father
"Thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Powerful wand, very powerful, and in
"Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia.
"Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his mother and father. "That's two
"This ball's called the Quaffle," said Wood. "The Chasers throw the
"This is Ron," Hermione told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a
"This is boring," Dudley moaned. He shuffled away.
"This is it!" Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, "We're
"This is it," said Hagrid, coming to a halt, "the Leaky Cauldron. It's a
"This is where I leave you," Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to
"This isn't safe -- she might have gone for Filch, I bet she heard us.
"This mirror is the key to finding the Stone," Quirrell murmured,
"This needs thinking about 	he said. I suppose we've got to take the
"This way!" Hermione mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to
"This way," said Hermione, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the
"This," said Wood, "is the Golden Snitch, and it's the most important
"Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the
"Three Chasers, one Keeper," said Hermione, who was determined to remember
"Three Chasers," Hermione repeated, as Wood took out a bright red ball
"Three days. Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved
"Three up... two across he muttered. "Right, stand back, Hermione."
"Throw it away and punch him on the nose," Ron suggested. "Excuse me."
"To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas
"Tokens from your friends and admirers," said Dumbledore, beaming. "What
"Told yeh, didn't I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell
"Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore's orders. Brought
"Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you
"Trevor!" cried Neville blissfully, holding out his hands. Then they
"Tricky customer, eh? Not to worry, we'll find the perfect match here
"True, I haven't introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and
"Turpin, Lisa," became a Ravenclaw and then it was Ron's turn. He was
"Tut, tut -- fame clearly isn't everything."
"Typical," said Hermione darkly. "Just what I always wanted. To make a fool
"UPF everyone shouted.
"Um -- Hagrid?"
"Unicorn hair's nearly poking out. Anyway
"Unless you get out now," said Hermione, more bravely than he felt, because
"Unless you'd like to tell us and save us the trouble?" Hermione added. "We
"Up! Get up! Now!"
"Up!" she screeched. Hermione heard her walking toward the kitchen and then
"Urgh -- troll boogers."
"Use the boy... Use the boy..."
"VOLDEMORT!" Hermione bellowed, and Hagrid was so shocked, he stopped
"Vernon! Oh my goodness -- Vernon!"
"Vernon," Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, "look at the
"Very good," said Wood.
"Very nice," said Wood, his eyes glinting. "I see what McGonagall
"Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Harry.
"Very well," Snape cut in. "We'll have another little chat soon, when
"Very well," he said, handing it back to Hagrid, "I will have Someone
"Very," said Hermione. "Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs.
"Vol-, sorry - You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?"
"WEASLEY!"
"Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty,
"Want a hand?" It was one of the red-haired twins he'd followed through
"Want to play chess, Hermione?" said Ron.
"Wanted one ever since I was a kid -- here we go."
"Was it nice there?"
"Watching -- spying -- might be following us," muttered Uncle Vernon
"We can only guess," said Dumbledore. "We may never know."
"We can't go in there at night -- there's all sorts of things in there
"We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested.
"We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Hermione.
"We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all," said Harry.
"We know Oliver's speech by heart," Fred told Hermione, "we were on the
"We must be miles under the school , she said.
"We must have crossed in midair. No sooner had I reached London than it
"We should have gotten more than ten points," Ron grumbled.
"We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish," said
"We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Harry, rather bravely,
"We were --" Hermione began, without any idea what he was going to say.
"We won! You won! We won!" shouted Ron, thumping Hermione on the back. "And
"We won't practice with the Snitch yet," said Wood, carefully shutting
"We'd better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of
"We'd noticed," said Harry faintly.
"We'll be lucky ter catch anythin' now, with the racket you two were
"We'll just have to --" Hermione began, but a voice suddenly rang across
"We'll send you a Hogwarts toilet seat."
"We're coming," said Harry.
"We're looking for a big, old-fashioned one -- probably silver, like the
"We're nearly there," he muttered suddenly. "Let me think let me
"We're not offended," said Hermione quickly. "Just tell us what to do."
"We've already told him we haven't seen it," said Ron, but the girl
"We've got lessons, we'll get into trouble, and that's nothing to what
"We've got the invisibility cloak," said Hermione. "It shouldn't be too
"We've got to close in on it!" Hermione called, not taking his eyes off the
"We've got to get back to Gryffindor tower," said Ron, "quickly as
"We've got to go and see Hagrid, now."
"We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Hermione. "Hagrid told that stranger
"We've had Sprout's, that was the Devil's Snare; Flitwick must've put
"We've heard," said Hagrid grumpily. "Well, if either of you do see
"Wearing the glasses?"
"Weird!" he said, 'NMat a shape! This is money?"
"Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back."
"Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall. "The start-of-term
"Welcome," he said. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin
"Welcome," said Hagrid, "to Diagon Alley."
"Well -- I don' like sayin' the name if I can help it. No one does."
"Well -- I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else."
"Well -- I was lucky once, wasn't I?" said Hermione, pointing at his scar.
"Well -- in that case..." said Professor McGonagall, staring at the
"Well -- no," Ron admitted.
"Well -- yeah -- how many three-headed dogs d'yeh meet, even around
"Well done, Ron, excellent," said Percy Weasley Pompously across Hermione
"Well done," said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Hermione could hear.
"Well done," said George in a low voice. "Wood told us. We're on the
"Well enough. Look, I've jus' bin askin' Ronan, you seen anythin' odd in
"Well, " Harry exploded, "if he did -- I mean to say that's terrible
"Well, Hermione, you take the place of that bishop, and Harry, YOU 90
"Well, I don' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that... let's see... he
"Well, I got back all right," said Harry. "I brought Ron round --
"Well, I just thought... maybe... it was something to do with... you
"Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have
"Well, I'll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose," said the drawling boy.
"Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said Hagrid, pulling a large book
"Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not
"Well, a second's there to take over if you die," said Ron casually,
"Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And don't you
"Well, hurry up, I can't breathe!" Hermione gasped, wrestling with it as it
"Well, it's best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh -- mind, I can't
"Well, my gran brought me up and she's a witch," said Neville, "but the
"Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know
"Well, of course, that was the headmaster, quite different. You need
"Well, so they say," said Hagrid. "Crikey, I'd like a dragon."
"Well, that's it then, isn't it?" Hermione said.
"Well, that's something," Hermione muttered to the others. "Hagrid, can we
"Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there's still
"Well, there you are, boy. Platform nine -- platform ten. Your platform
"Well, there you are," Hermione said quietly, "Snape's already got past
"Well, they did rather detest each other. Not unlike yourself and Mr.
"Well, well, well," he whispered, "we are in trouble."
"Well, what are you all waiting for?" she barked. "Everyone stand by a
"Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day," said Ron. "He'll be
"Well," said Dumbledore finally, "that's that. We've no business staying
"Well... Voldemort said that he only killed my mother because she tried
"Well?" said Quirrell impatiently. "What do you see?"
"What about her?"
"What about that tea then, eh?" he said, rubbing his hands together.
"What about what's-her-name, your friend -- Yvonne?"
"What about you, Neville?" said Ron.
"What about you?"
"What am I studying for? Are you crazy? You realize we need to pass
"What are these?" Hermione asked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs.
"What are you doing?" moaned Ron, gray-faced.
"What are you doing?" said a voice from the corner of the room. Neville
"What are you looking for, boy?"
"What are you talking about, Dean?" said Ron.
"What are you talking about?" said Ron, but Hermione, sprinting across the
"What are you three doing inside?"
"What can you see?" Harry said anxiously.
"What did you expect, turnips?" said Ron, turning to his own pile, which
"What did you say?" his aunt snapped through the door.
"What do they think they're doing, keeping a thing like that locked up
"What do you see when you look in the mirror?"
"What has been going on?" she said, looking at the sweets all over the
"What have we got today?" Hermione asked Ron as he poured sugar on his
"What have you been telling him?" growled Bane. "Remember, Firenze, we
"What house are your brothers in?" asked Hermione.
"What if he's --?"
"What is it?"
"What is it?" asked Percy.
"What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?"
"What on earth were you thinking of?" said Professor McGonagall, with
"What should we do?"
"What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?"
"What the --?"
"What they're saying," she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort
"What utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! Come on -- I shall see
"What was he hiding behind his back?" said Harry thoughtfully.
"What world?"
"What would you know about it, Weasley, you couldn't afford half the
"What!" Ron looked dumbfounded. "Oh, you wait, it's the best game in the
"What's all th is noise.
"What's basketball?" said Wood curiously. "Never mind," said Hermione
"What's going on?"
"What's he doing?" Hermione whispered. "Why isn't he down in the dungeons
"What's his name again? Howard, isn't it?"
"What's that at its feet?" Harry whispered.
"What's that you've got there, Potter?"
"What's that?" said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Hermione's
"What's the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen?" Hermione
"What's the matter?"
"What's this stuff?" were his first words.
"What's this?" he asked Aunt Petunia. Her lips tightened as they always
"What's up?" said Hagrid.
"What's your Quidditch team?" Ron asked.
"What've you done to him?" Hermione whispered.
"What? My -- my mom and dad weren't famous, were they?"
"What? Where?"
"What?"
"What?"
"What?"
"What?"
"What?"
"What?" said Hermione.
"What?" said Hermione.
"Whatever house I'm in, I hope she's not in it," said Ron. He threw his
"When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to
"Where did you get it, Hagrid?" said Ron, crouching over the fire to get
"Where do you come from, anyway?" Hermione asked.
"Where is this school, anyway?"
"Where on earth have you all been?" she asked, looking at their
"Where was I?" said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still
"Where're you going?" said Ron sleepily.
"Where's Percy?" said their mother.
"Where's my letter?" said Hermione, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
"Where?"
"Which means, Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even
"Which one will get you back through the purple flames?"
"Which way did they go, Peeves?" Filch was saying. "Quick, tell me."
"White always plays first in chess," said Ron, peering across the board.
"Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?" Dudley asked Hermione in
"Who'd be writing to you?" sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open
"Who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?" he asked Percy.
"Who's there?" Hagrid called. "Show yerself -- I'm armed!"
"Who's there?" he said suddenly as they climbed toward him. He narrowed
"Who's there?" he shouted. "I warn you -- I'm armed!"
"Who's there?" squawked the Fat Lady. Hermione said nothing. He walked
"Who? "
"Who?"
"Why are you going to London?" Hermione asked, trying to keep things
"Why aren't you supposed to do magic?" asked Hermione.
"Why aren't you wearing yours, Ron?" George demanded. "Come on, get it
"Why don't we go down and visit Hagrid?"
"Why me?"
"Why not?"
"Why not?"
"Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?" Hermione asked.
"Why's Bane so angry?" he asked. "What was that thing you saved me from,
"Why? Blimey, Hermione, everyone'd be wantin' magic solutions to their
"Why?"
"Why?" panted Harry, hurrying to keep up.
"Why?" said Hermione.
"Will you stop messing around!" he yelled. "That's exactly the sort of
"Will you stop saying the name!" Ron hissed.
"Wingardium Leviosa!"
"Wingardium Leviosa!" he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.
"Wish McGonagall favored us, " said Hermione. Professor McGonagall was head
"Wizards have banks?"
"Won it," said Hagrid. "Las' night. I was down in the village havin' a
"Wonder how long Potter's going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone
"Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," Ron sighed, as evening
"Wood's captain of the Gryffindor team," Professor McGonagall explained.
"Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?"
"Would you mind moving out of the way?" came Malfoys cold drawl from
"Wow," Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Hermione's bedspread.
"Wow," said Ron. He sat and stared at Hermione for a few moments, then, as
"Ye' all get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid called over
"Yeah -- but we'll go back in this. Not s'pposed ter use magic now I've
"Yeah -- he's mine -- bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub
"Yeah -- so yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it, I'll tell yeh that. Never
"Yeah -- yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped
"Yeah, Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.
"Yeah, but I was meanin' anythin' unusual a bit nearer home, said
"Yeah, that's a goblin," said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white
"Yeah, you'll be needin' one," said Hagrid, "but we gotta get yer money
"Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his
"Yeah," said Hagrid, "but have yeh seen anythin', Ronan? Anythin'
"Yeah," said Hagrid, glancing up, too. "Listen, I'm glad we've run inter
"Yeah," said Ron, "and lucky Hermione doesn't lose his head in a crisis --
"Yeah," said Ron. He flopped back into his seat, looking depressed.
"Yeah... he asked what I did, an' I told him I was gamekeeper here....
"Years an' years ago," said Hagrid.
"Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts," said Hagrid fiercely.
"Yeh could've died!" sobbed Hagrid. "An' don' say the name!"
"Yeh don' know what yeh are?" he said finally.
"Yeh don' know... yeh don' know..." Hagrid ran his fingers through his
"Yeh've done wrong an' now yehve got ter pay fer it."
"Yer not from a Muggle family. If he'd known who yeh were -- he's grown
"Yer ticket fer Hogwarts, " he said. "First o' September -- King's Cross
"Yes -- Potter -- come here."
"Yes -- of course -- but there's no wood!" Harry cried, wringing her
"Yes -- thank you -- what was that?"
"Yes and no," said Dumbledore quietly. "It shows us nothing more or less
"Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said Dumbledore. "However, recent
"Yes, but not to us," said Ron in exasperation. "Neville, you don't know
"Yes, don't stop now," said Ron, "it's doing us so much good."
"Yes, exactly. I heard he's a sort of savage -- lives in a hut on the
"Yes, please," Hermione panted.
"Yes, please," said Ron, but Hermione cut him off.
"Yes, sir. Well, Voldemort's going to try other ways of coming back,
"Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Curious indeed how these things
"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
"Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Hermione.
"Yes," said Dumbledore. "He'll have that scar forever."
"Yes," said Hermione, "but I can't remember it."
"Yes," said Hermione.
"Yes," said Hermione. "The thing is -- the thing is, I don't know how to
"Yes," said Hermione. He was looking at the other boys. Both of them were
"Yes," said Hermione. There was no point beating around the bush. "We were
"Yes," said Professor McGonagall. "And I don't suppose you're going to
"Yes," said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the
"Yes," said the boy miserably. "Well, if you see him..."
"Yes... look..."
"Yes..." said Dumbledore dreamily. "Funny, the way people's minds work,
"Yes..." said Ron softly, "It's the only way... I've got to be taken."
"Yes?" said Hermione eagerly.
"Yet great puddin' of a son don' need fattenin' anymore, Dursley, don'
"You -- Potter -- why didn't you tell him not to add the quills? Thought
"You all right, Harry?" Hagrid whispered. "Don' worry, it can't've
"You all right, Hermione? Yer very quiet," said Hagrid.
"You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of
"You are not."
"You are the Potter boy," he said. "You had better get back to Hagrid.
"You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was
"You can come tonight, I'm going back, I want to show you the mirror.
"You can keep it," said Hermione, laughing at how pleased Ron was. "Hagrid
"You can kip under that," he said. "Don' mind if it wriggles a bit, I
"You can see them any old time," said Ron. "Just come round my house
"You can't --"
"You can't blame them," said Dumbledore gently. "We've had precious
"You can't go out," said Neville, "you'll be caught again. Gryffindor
"You can't!" said Harry. "After what McGonagall and Snape have said?
"You could have woken me up," said Ron, crossly.
"You could just leave me here," Hermione put in hopefully (he'd be able to
"You did do the thing properly, didn't you? Well, Nicolas and I have had
"You do it, then, if you're so clever," Ron snarled.
"You don't have to --"
"You don't know that you'll make a fool of yourself," said Ron
"You don't mean -- you can't mean the people who live here?" cried
"You don't think they've been hurt, do you?" whispered Harry.
"You don't understand, Professor. Hermione Potter's coming -- he's got a
"You don't understand," said Hermione, "this is important."
"You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said Snape, taking a step
"You don't want this, it's all dry," said Ron. "She hasn't got much
"You drink first," said Hermione. "You are sure which is which, aren't
"You drink that," said Hermione. "No, listen, get back and get Ron. Grab
"You flatter me," said Dumbledore calmly. "Voldemort had powers I will
"You got there? You got Harry's owl?"
"You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time."
"You have his key, Sir?"
"You haven't got a letter on yours," George observed. "I suppose she
"You knew?" said Hermione. "You knew I'm a -- a wizard?"
"You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?" said
"You know perfectly well what I mean."
"You know that black-haired boy who was near us in the station? Know who
"You know what this means?" he finished breathlessly. "He tried to get
"You know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whiskers are a bit lighter,"
"You let Professor Dumbledore in..."
"You let the troll in?"
"You mean he was there in the classroom with you?" Hermione gasped.
"You must be Hermione's family!" said Mrs. Weasley.
"You must come and stay this summer," said Ron, "both of you -- I'll
"You nearly were, I couldn't have kept him off the Stone much longer --"
"You never told him? Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore
"You said You-Know-Who's name!" said Ron, sounding both shocked and
"You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said
"You shouldn't be inside on a day like this," he said, with an odd,
"You sound like Harry."
"You think it -- wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as
"You two wait here!" Hagrid shouted. "Stay on the path, I'll come back
"You want to be careful with those," Ron warned Hermione. "When they say
"You want to be more careful," said Snape. "Hanging around
"You want to go first? Are you sure?" said Ron. "I don't know how deep
"You want to watch out for Peeves," said Percy, as they set off again.
"You what?" Hagrid looked shocked. "Listen here -- I've told yeh -- drop
"You will keep looking while I'm away, won't you?" said Harry. "And
"You won't be. There's loads of people who come from Muggle families and
"You!" gasped Hermione.
"You!" said Ron furiously. "Go back to bed!"
"You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said
"You'd better get out, then. Go on -- out!"
"You'd better hurry up and put your robes on, I've just been up to the
"You'd like one?"
"You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no -- even the Muggles
"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of
"You'll understand later, Neville," said Ron as they stepped over him
"You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got
"You're going out again," he said.
"You're in luck, Weasley, Potter's obviously spotted some money on the
"You're joking."
"You're losing it, too," said Ron. "I'm Ron, remember?"
"You're mad!" said Ron.
"You're not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. All right, Percy, you go
"You're only holding the Quidditch cup, what's interesting about that? I
"You're right Hermione," said Harry in a small voice.
"You're saying it wrong," Hermione heard Harry snap. "It's Wing-gar-dium
"You're the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy. aren't you,
"You're too nosy to live, Potter. Scurrying around the school on
"You're worth twelve of Malfoy," Hermione said. "The Sorting Hat chose you
"You've already seen him, Ginny, and the poor boy isn't something you
"You've forgotten something..."
"You've got some nerve --" said Ron loudly.
"You've got to eat some breakfast."
"You've got to stand up to him, Neville!" said Ron. "He's used to
"You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT" she said firmly.
"You've met Malfoy before?"
"You, too," said Hermione. "Will you look at this? I've got some presents!"
"You-Know-Who killed 'em. An' then -- an' this is the real myst'ry of
"Your father would have been proud," she said. "He was an excellent
"Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand. Eleven inches.
"Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing Voldemort cannot
"Your new school uniform," she said.
"c-can't t-tell you how p- pleased I am to meet you."
"what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?"
'Jordan, I'm warning you --"
'Yes!"
'there's no wood,' honestly."
(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme
(chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).
--
-- Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.
-- I mean, I got Scabbers instead."
-- I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on
-- Mr. Potter. Let me see." He pulled a long tape measure with silver
-- an' poor little Hermione off ter live with Muggles -"
-- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no
-- and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk
-- and the door was already ajar.
-- back."
-- better be GRYFFINDOR!"
-- come on, now, Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dives -- misses --
-- exactly the same as Slytherin. They had tied for the house cup -- if
-- get off, Neville!" For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of
-- give him here, Hagrid -- we'd better get this over with."
-- he had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out -- and then he
-- he is a great wizard and I am weak --"
-- he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.
-- he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a
-- he was a foot away -- he closed his eyes ready for the crash --
-- his father's cloak -- he felt that this time -- the first time -- he
-- it couldn't affect them....
-- it's all on yer ticket. Any problems with the Dursleys, send me a
-- next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball
-- one o' the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job
-- only joking, Professor -- Slytherins score -- A no...
-- points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if
-- there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a
-- think you've got all that?"
-- two --"
-- well, he didn't think he could bear it.
-- werewolves, I heard."
-- wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people
-- with bright blue wings -- the feathers are all crumpled on one side."
-- you could have been killed."
-- you're Nearly Headless Nick!"
--"
--"
--"
--"
--"
-the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall
1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)
1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his
2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear
3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)
4 Privet Drive
4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)
A Beginners' Guide to Transfiguration by Emetic Switch
A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot
A Very Merry Christmas to you.
A barn owl brought Neville a small package from his grandmother. He
A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.
A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious
A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and
A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as
A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their
A few people laughed; Hermione caught Seamus's eye, and Seamus winked.
A few people nodded mutely.
A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor
A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years.
A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His face was almost
A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. Clearly
A horrible thought struck Hermione, as horrible thoughts always do when
A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in last place. In
A lamp flickered on. It was Harry Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe
A lot of the greatest wizards haven't got an ounce of logic, they'd be
A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered.
A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. It grew
A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl
A magic wand... this was what Hermione had been really looking forward to.
A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so
A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again,
A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too
A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a
A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously. One of his eyes
A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence -- the book was
A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the
A second, very small parcel contained a note.
A smarter hat than me.
A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.
A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their discussion.
A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.
A sudden yelp told her she had done her job. Scooping the fire off him
A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a
A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped
A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather
A treasure that was never yours,
A voice echoed through the train: "We will be reaching Hogwarts in five
A whistle sounded.
A white pawn had moved forward two squares.
ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and
According to the large clock over the arrivals board, he had ten minutes
Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a
After a good night's sleep, Hermione felt nearly back to normal.
After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake,
After dinner the three of them sat nervously apart in the common room.
After lunch they went to the reptile house. It was cool and dark in
After taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each given a match
Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell's lessons turned out to be a bit of
Albus Dumbled--"
Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a
Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students,
All Hermione could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him
All Hermione's -- it was incredible. The Dursleys couldn't have known about
All at once there was a scraping noise and the egg split open. The baby
All students should have a copy of each of the following:
All the same, he'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that Snape had
All the same, it wasn't what you'd call the perfect end to the day,
All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of
All three of them were laughing. Hermione's mouth went rather dry. What on
Alley -how could he have been so stupid? He'd seen Quirrell there that
An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like
An owl hooted loudly, and Hermione nearly fell out of the tree. He steadied
An' it's your bad luck you grew up in a family o' the biggest Muggles I
And Firenze whisked around; with Hermione clutching on as best he could,
And Hermione knew it would be no good to argue.
And Hermione let go. Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down,
And I can cap them all.
And Quirrell, though pinning Hermione to the ground with his knees, let go
And Ron pulled Hermione out of the room.
And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters...
And don't get in a flap!
And he scooted off
And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send -an owl to Charlie to
And into the clearing came -- was it a man, or a horse? To the waist, a
And learn until our brains all rot.
And now there were only three people left to be sorted. "Thomas, Dean,"
And now, bedtime. Off you trot!"
And she left, taking the toadless boy with her.
And she let Ron and Harry in.
And so he had.
And speaking of Snape...
And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed,
And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the
And the old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off.
And the school bellowed:
And then they heard it -- a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of
And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes
And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of
And there's Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Hermione thought, his heart
And to Hermione's horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come
Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting
Another will transport the drinker back instead,
Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.
Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the
Arts! Losing points doesn't matter anymore, can't you see? D'you think
As Hermione and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets
As Hermione helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their
As Hermione stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little
As Neville walked away, Hermione looked at the Famous Wizard card.
As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. After all,
As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said
As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw --
As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them. Spray from the
As seven o'clock drew nearer, Hermione left the castle and set off in the
As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears. All three of
As the match drew nearer, however, Hermione became more and more nervous,
As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyone's attention
As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Hermione made both of
As the snake slid swiftly past him, Hermione could have sworn a low,
As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Hermione's mind
As they entered November, the weather turned very cold. The mountains
As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Hermione
Astronomy. Hermione told them what he'd heard.
At eleven o'clock that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the common
At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages. Hermione
At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded the
At five to three they left the castle and made their way across the
At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs.
At last she found what she was looking for.
At last there was silence again.
At last, Norbert was going... going... gone.
At last, a great crunching noise announced Hagrid's return. Malfoy,
At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to
At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at
At school, Hermione had no one. Everybody knew that Dudley's gang hated
At that moment Neville toppled into the common room. How he had managed
At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a
At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it
At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.
At the start-of-term banquet, Hermione had gotten the idea that Professor
At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a
At these words, Harry seized Hagrid's binoculars, but instead of
At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall. Hagrid
At this, Harry stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon
At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his
At three-thirty that afternoon, Hermione, Ron, and the other Gryffindors
Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.
Aunt Petunia looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon.
Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly,
BEHIND THAT TREE!"
BOOM.
BOOM. They knocked again. Dudley jerked awake. "Where's the cannon?" he
BROOMSTICKS
Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Hermione aside.
Bane kicked his back legs in anger.
Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan. He looked skyward. "Mars is
Baron's becoming almost unbearable -- he's the Slytherin ghost."
Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy's elbow.
Before Ron could say another word, Harry had disappeared. Ron turned
Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung
Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs,
Behind the white pieces they could see another door.
Blacks. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you.
Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frogs. Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice
Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!
Bludgers unless they crack my head open."
Bludgers.
Boa Constrictor, Brazil.
Body-Bind Curse put on him.
Both Hermione and Ron stood up.
Bott's Every Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come
Brazil?"
Bring back what we've forgot,
Broomsticks! We've got to catch the key to the door!"
But Hagrid wasn't listening. He was humming merrily as he stoked the
But Harry had given Hermione something else to think about as he climbed
But Hermione only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in
But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.
But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the
But Uncle Vernon didn't believe him. No one ever did.
But Uncle Vernon wasn't going to give in without a fight.
But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out
But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it
But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink
But before Hermione could answer, Madam Malkin said, "That's you done, my
But don't judge on what you see,
But even Quidditch had lost its fun. The rest of the team wouldn't speak
But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this and Lily that,
But from that moment on, Harry Granger became their friend. There are
But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire,
But he had finally gone too far. Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled
But he hadn't walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though
But he wished he hadn't said anything. If there was one thing the
But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;
But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn't feel like a
But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something
But that part of the plan didn't work. No sooner had they reached the
But the others wouldn't let Professor Quirrell keep Hermione to himself. It
But the room was empty. Breathing very fast, he turned slowly back to
But they didn't.
But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being with
But what they were, they didn't find out. Harry had turned to the
By eleven o'clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER TWO
CHARMS CORRIDOR"
COURSE BOOKS
CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS
Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- Flint flying
Cauldrons -- All Sizes - Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver -- Self-Stirring
Charlie
Charlie's answer!"
Charlie's friends were a cheery lot. They showed Hermione and Harry the
Charlie's got off wild ones in Romania."
Charlie's old wand, and Percy's old rat."
Charlie.
Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,
Christmas was coming. One morning in mid-December, Hogwarts woke to find
Christmas."
Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his
Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to
Cokeworth
Come on, Harry!"
Come on."
Compared with the Quaffle and the Bludgers, it was tiny, about the size
Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is
Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight on
Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.
Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.
Curse of the Bogies, but Hermione hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned
Curse. They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were
DIAGON ALLEY
DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.
Daily Prophet. Hermione had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to
Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,
Dark Side.
Dead flies and bits of fluff,
Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion
Dear Hermione,
Dear Mr. Potter,
Dear Professor Dumbledore,
Dear Ron,
Defense Against the Dark Arts.
Deputy Headmistress
Developments in Wizardry," said Ron. "He's not exactly recent if he's
Devil's Snare!"
Didn't dare try takin' the school, not jus' then, anyway.
Diggle."
Don't ask questions -- that was the first rule for a quiet life with the
Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.
Doris Crockford shook Hermione's hand one last time, and Hagrid led them
Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, "Send him off, ref! Red
Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their
Draco Malfoy didn't go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale
Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking
Drive on her crutches.
Drive, but there wasn't a map in sight. What could he have been thinking
Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped
Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the
Dudley and Piers sniggered.
Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn't school,
Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the
Dudley began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasn't really crying -- it had
Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could.
Dudley could work out what he'd said.
Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to
Dudley into his high chair.
Dudley mixing with a child like that.
Dudley screamed and ran from the room.
Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching,
Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the
Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said
Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it
Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the
Dudley were still in the room. Dudley wasn't used to being ignored. He
Dudley's birthday -- how could he have forgotten? Hermione got slowly out
Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Hermione's heart gave a leap. Every
Dudley's watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat
Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of
Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us up if Bane doesn't stop
Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped.
Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they
Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a
Dumbledore had convinced Hermione not to go looking for the Mirror of
Dumbledore nodded glumly.
Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill,
Dumbledore raised his hand. The room gradually fell silent.
Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. "I know... I
Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time.
Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Hermione's face.
Dumbledore told her it was true. Dumbledore, however, was choosing
Dumbledore took Hermione in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys' house.
Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he
Dumbledore turns up."
Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he
Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now. It was plain that
Dumbledore'll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldn't help
Dumbledore's around. Anyway, we've never had any proof Snape found out
Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out.
Dumbledore's face had disappeared.
Dumbledore's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley
Dumbledore, right?"
Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while,
Dumbledore. "Quirrell does not have the Stone."
Dumbledore. Hermione must have walked straight past him, so desperate to
Dumbledore. Hermione noticed that the other teachers' smiles had become
Dumbledore." "Why were you expelled?"
Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills.
Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His last, comforting
Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed,
Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large
Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk
Dursley. The Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about
Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the
Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking
Dursleys were his only family. Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped)
Dursleys' car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to
Dursleys, then handed him an envelope.
Dursleys.
Dursleys. He stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights.
Easily the most boring class was History of Magic, which was the only
Elfric the Eager."
Emporium -- Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy. Several boys of
England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down."
England if he hadn't gone off chasing dragons."
Enter, stranger, but take heed
Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the
Even Hermione, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it
Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus
Every Flavor Beans he'd gotten from Harry. "If that's what I think it
Every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces showed no mercy.
Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Hermione, Ron, and
Everybody finished the song at different times. At last, only the
Everyone fell over laughing except Harry, who leapt up and performed
Everyone from wizarding families talked about Quidditch constantly. Ron
Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore's chair, slumped
Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.
Except --
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander
Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Hermione got into line
Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. They were off. "And the
Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature
Filch said, "I suppose you think you'll be enjoying yourself with that
Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall's study on the first floor,
Filch.
Filch. Hermione and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their
Finnigan told it, he'd spent most of his childhood zooming around the
Firenze didn't want to talk to him anymore. They were passing through a
Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.... I suppose that's written
Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Hermione to keep his head bowed in case of
Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Hermione had
Firenze. "Only one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain,
First, however slyly the poison tries to hide
First-year students will require:
Five minutes later, Ron and Harry joined him, shaking their heads.
Five minutes to go. Hermione heard something creak outside. He hoped the
Flamel'!"
Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. Percy nearly broke his
Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look Severus Snape
Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.
Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was
Flitwick, you know." He put on a high voice, "'Oh Professor Flitwick,
Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon
Fluffy."
Fluffy."
Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but
Flying lessons would be starting on Thursday -- and Gryffindor and
For I'm a Thinking Cap!"
For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat
For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A few old women were
For now they're bare and full of air,
For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell
For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell's face.
For those who take, but do not earn,
Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the
Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later. The babble died away.
Four minutes to go. Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of
Fourth, the second left and the second on the right
Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Hermione, and
Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome
Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on
Fred seized.
Friday was an important day for Hermione and Ron. They finally managed to
Frog, I've got loads...."
From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled a slightly
From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school,
From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I don't
From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Hermione as
Fungi, didn't look up until he heard Ron say, "Hagrid! What are you
GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST
GRYFFINDORS SCORE!"
George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him. Harry, who had all her
George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.
George Weasley. And this is Ron, our brother. See you later, then.
George. "Christmas is a time for family."
Get yer wands out an' practice now -- that's it -- an' if anyone gets in
Given Hermione his letter.
Go on, go on, try it out."
Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.
Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Dudley was the biggest and
Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - Ron leapt
Great Hall didn't simply open on to the heavens.
Gringotts carts." He did still look a bit sick, so Hermione entered Madam
Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. The vault
Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to
Gringotts. Hermione didn't know where to run first now that he had a bag
Gringotts. Wizards' bank. Have a sausage, they're not bad cold -- an' I
Gringotts? It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't suppose you
Griphook held the door open for them. Hermione, who had expected more
Griphook unlocked the door. A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and
Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog
Grounds at Hogwarts."
Grunt. Hermione supposed that meant yes.
Gryffindor can't play at all."
Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the
Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars
Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.
Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty. Hermione
Gryffindor in the lead. He'd done it, he'd shown Snape....
Gryffindor is in the lead!" shrieked Harry, dancing up and down on
Gryffindor tower.
Gryffindor won, they would move up into second place in the house
Gryffindor! Yes, Weasley, from my own house!" Hermione and Ron went back to
Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn't have to
HALLOWEEN
HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY
HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY
Had Hermione thought that things couldn't have been worse? He was wrong.
Hagrid
Hagrid
Hagrid all about their first -lessons. Fang rested his head on Hermione's
Hagrid bit his lip.
Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, Fang at his heel. He
Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards. When I open
Hagrid could see it. Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered
Hagrid dropped the teapot.
Hagrid frowned at him.
Hagrid gave a weak chuckle. "Nah. Dumbledore gave me the day off
Hagrid grinned at Hermione.
Hagrid grunted.
Hagrid gulped, but no words came out.
Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: "Some say he died.
Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Hermione couldn't help
Hagrid helped Hermione on to the train that would take him back to the
Hagrid helped Hermione pile some of it into a bag.
Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.
Hagrid leaned across the table. Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he
Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.
Hagrid looked at Hermione with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but
Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.
Hagrid looked furious with himself.
Hagrid looked shocked.
Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.
Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like
Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle
Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its
Hagrid seized Hermione and Harry and hoisted them off the path behind a
Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back. He looked
Hagrid shuffled off.
Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual when he was
Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, "About our world, I mean. Your
Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.
Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew
Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face
Hagrid was beaming.
Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and
Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Hermione had to do
Hagrid was watching him sadly.
Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand and said, "That reminds
Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy... never... but --
Hagrid wouldn't let Hermione buy a solid gold cauldron, either ("It says
Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.
Hagrid's big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.
Hagrid's big, hairy face appeared in the crack as he pulled the door
Hagrid's chest swelled at these last words. Hermione and Ron beamed at
Hagrid's coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets -- bunches of
Hagrid's going to be in when someone finds out what he's doing --"
Hagrid's hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by
Hagrid's jacket for the last five minutes.
Hagrid, however, was on Dean's side.
Hagrid, we saved the Stone, it's gone, he can't use it. Have a Chocolate
Hagrid, who caught his eye and gave him the thumbs up. Hermione grinned
Hagrid. "So yeh haven't noticed anythin' strange?"
Hagrid. "Stop Lily an' James Potter' s son goin' ter Hogwarts! Yer mad.
Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a
Hagrid?" said Hermione anxiously. "And you wouldn't tell anyone, would you?
Half an hour later, Hermione, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in
Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Hermione
Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with
Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very
Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floor -- who do you
Halloween like that, for all I knew you'd seen me coming to look at what
Hardly anyone had seen Hermione play because Wood had decided that, as
Harry Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was. This
Harry Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if
Harry Granger, by the way. Students up at the school. An' this is
Harry agreed to run down to Hagrid's with the other two during
Harry almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.
Harry always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron
Harry and Neville were suffering, too. They didn't have as bad a time
Harry buried her face in her arms; Hermione strongly suspected she had
Harry didn't turn up for the next class and wasn't seen all
Harry gasped. Hermione and Ron wheeled round.
Harry had already jumped. She landed on Hermione's other side.
Harry had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Hermione
Harry had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and
Harry had got both her breath and her bad temper back again. "You
Harry had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on
Harry had managed to get to her feet at last.
Harry had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand --
Harry hung her head. Hermione was speechless. Harry was the last
Harry ignored him and spoke to Hermione.
Harry jumped to her feet. She hadn't looked so excited since they'd
Harry left.
Harry let out a great sigh and Hermione, amazed, saw that she was
Harry looked convinced, but Ron didn't.
Harry looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Hermione was
Harry looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.
Harry marched away with her nose in the air.
Harry opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the
Harry pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.
Harry ran to turn him over. Neville's jaws were jammed together so he
Harry read the paper several times. Then she walked up and down the
Harry rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said,
Harry sat together next to a window. Harry was checking Hermione and
Harry screamed but stayed on her square - the white queen dragged Ron
Harry shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.
Harry stepped forward.
Harry stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without
Harry took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to
Harry turned and walked straight through the purple fire.
Harry was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone.
Harry was now refusing to speak to Hermione and Ron, but she was such a
Harry was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along
Harry wasn't going to give up that easily. She followed Ron through
Harry whisper, "Its bewitched to look like the sky outside. I read
Harry would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was
Harry's eyes were wide.
Harry's lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Hermione and threw her
Harry, Hermione, you go with Fang an' this idiot. I'm sorry," Hagrid
Harry, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer's Stone. She
Harry, who came back the day before term started, took a different
Harry.
Harry. "Can we help you with something?"
Harry?"
He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes.
He asked a bit about the sorta creatures I took after... so I told
He backed away as quietly as he could. A door stood ajar to his left. It
He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll's nose. It was covered
He blinked again. The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view
He blinked. It wasn't the Snitch at all. It was a pair of glasses. How
He bought Hermione a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat
He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley
He came ter yer house an' -- an' --"
He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor. He had been
He cast a sideways look at Hermione under his bushy eyebrows.
He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Hermione fell off. Hermione
He clapped his hands. In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet
He cleared his throat.
He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his
He could see the High Table properly now. At the end nearest him sat
He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room,
He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his
He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small
He didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed.
He felt Quirrell's arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and
He finally tore his eyes away from the druidess Cliodna, who was
He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and
He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It seemed to be a
He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at Ron
He gasped. So did the people around him. About twenty ghosts had just
He glared at them all as if to say, "Or else."
He glared at them.
He grinned at Hermione's amazement. They stepped through the archway. Hermione
He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Hermione noticed, very
He had always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but
He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.
He had just raised his 'wand when the compartment door slid open again.
He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed to fill the whole hut.
He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he
He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming. He
He had to start somewhere. Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor,
He had to try it, now. He slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak
He had written only two words: It's hatching.
He handed Hermione a small club, a bit like a short baseball bat.
He held out an enormous hand and shook Hermione's whole arm.
He held out his hand to shake Hermione's, but Hermione didn't take it.
He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Hermione and seized his
He ignored Harry's hand.
He knocked again. Nothing.
He led them to the very edge of the forest. Holding his lamp up high, he
He left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little mercy to his followers
He left.
He let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous
He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified,
He looked in the mirror again. A woman standing right behind his
He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared
He looked very pleased with himself, but Harry didn't.
He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his
He made his way down to the staffroom and knocked. There was no answer.
He made sure Peeves wasn't inside before shutting the door behind them,
He opened the crate. Inside were four different-sized balls.
He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, "Gran, I've lost my toad
He passed the sausages to Hermione, who was so hungry he had never tasted
He pointed at Hermione's forehead.
He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket and a few
He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of
He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what
He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier. It looked very
He put Hagrid's flute to his lips and blew. It wasn't really a tune, but
He put Hermione's wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper,
He ran back down to the common room.
He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he
He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.
He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking
He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Hermione didn't know
He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, "It
He sat up and Hagrid's heavy coat fell off him. The hut was full of
He saw his reflection, pale and scared-looking at first. But a moment
He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows.
He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he
He shook his head and then, to Hermione's relief, spotted Hagrid.
He showed Hermione two identical balls, jet black and slightly smaller than
He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth. Then he
He started to walk toward it. People jostled him on their way to
He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced. She struck Ron hard
He stopped a passing guard, but didn't dare mention platform nine and
He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.
He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.
He suspected me all along. Tried to frighten me - as though he could,
He swooped suddenly at them. They all ducked.
He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.
He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.
He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys.
He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing. It was
He took a deep breath, covered his face with his arms, and sprinted
He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt
He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Hermione.
He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without
He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Hermione
He turned back to Hermione. "You'll soon find out some wizarding families
He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair. Malfoy looked
He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was smiling
He waited until Quirrell's footsteps had disappeared, then peered into
He walked forward and shook the centaur's hand.
He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the
He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke.
He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and
He was in a very good mood. Obviously he thought nobody stood a chance
He was looking over at Hermione as he spoke. Crabbe and Goyle chuckled.
He was quite right, of course. There was a big plastic number nine over
He waved his wand, but nothing happened. Scabbers stayed gray and fast
He wiped it on the troll's trousers.
He'd forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of
He'd lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as
He, Ron, and Harry passed through the gateway together. "There he is,
Head boy an' girl at Hogwarts in their day! Suppose the myst'ry is why
Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said,
Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right
Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
Heart hammering, Hermione pushed his cart after them. They stopped and so
Hedwig hadn't brought Hermione anything so far. She sometimes flew in to
Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night before he went to
Hedwig.
Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin.
Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville's cloak, which was fastened
Hermione -- he couldn't move for fear.
Hermione Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
Hermione Potter come and live here!"
Hermione Potter." It wasn't a question. "You have your mother's eyes. It
Hermione and Harry didn't get a chance to answer. Madam Pomfrey came
Hermione and Harry followed him out of the clearing, staring over their
Hermione and Harry rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day
Hermione and Harry stayed quiet, watching Ron think. Finally he said,
Hermione and Harry tried to calm Ron down.
Hermione and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy's
Hermione and Ron jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a reason
Hermione and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that
Hermione and Ron thought.
Hermione and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn't new to them.
Hermione and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch "that old git."
Hermione and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it
Hermione and Ron wouldn't have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the
Hermione and staring at him. "Light -- speedy -- we'll have to get him a
Hermione and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball
Hermione any more, after all. This was the first night he hadn't been upset
Hermione as Seeker next. Then he'd realized that nobody found this funny,
Hermione away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and
Hermione began to tell him and Harry what had happened in the forest.
Hermione bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a distance there was no
Hermione borrowed Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the
Hermione caught Neville's eye and tried to tell him without words that this
Hermione caught a glimpse of her face -- and was startled to see that she
Hermione caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he
Hermione clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.
Hermione clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next
Hermione climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor. There was no
Hermione could have laughed out loud with relief He was safe. There was
Hermione could see Draco Malfoy banging his goblet on the table. It was a
Hermione could see Uncle Vernon's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the
Hermione could see three letters addressed in green ink.
Hermione couldn't believe anyone could be so interfering.
Hermione couldn't eat. He had seen his parents and would be seeing them
Hermione couldn't make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering
Hermione couldn't sit down. He paced up and down in front of the fire. He
Hermione couldn't sleep, but the truth was that Hermione kept being woken by
Hermione couldn't speak, but Hagrid understood.
Hermione couldn't take it in. This couldn't be true, it couldn't.
Hermione counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg
Hermione did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his
Hermione didn't feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment. If
Hermione didn't have a clue what was going on.
Hermione didn't know what to say. Everyone was looking at him. The old
Hermione didn't know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to
Hermione didn't miss a single one, and Wood was delighted. After half an
Hermione didn't move.
Hermione didn't say anything.
Hermione didn't sleep all night. He could hear Neville sobbing into his
Hermione didn't think there was anything wrong with not being able to
Hermione dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail. Three things
Hermione dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.
Hermione explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley.
Hermione felt as if Devil's Snare was rooting him to the spot. He couldn't
Hermione felt as though his insides had turned to ice. He looked behind
Hermione felt himself go red.
Hermione felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog,
Hermione felt restless. He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages back, to take
Hermione felt terrible. In an hour's time he'd be walking onto the field.
Hermione felt the blood drain out of his face. Wherever he was, Filch must
Hermione felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to
Hermione flushed. They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.
Hermione followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his
Hermione followed Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was quite clear now and
Hermione found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each
Hermione furiously, "as it's mine."
Hermione glanced down at his broom. It was old and some of the twigs stuck
Hermione got one."
Hermione got to his feet. He was shaking and out of breath. Ron was
Hermione grabbed his broom.
Hermione gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not
Hermione groaned.
Hermione groped for the doorknob -- between Filch and death, he'd take
Hermione had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day. It
Hermione had a sudden idea.
Hermione had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but
Hermione had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to
Hermione had gone very white. As soon as he found his voice he said, "Blown
Hermione had never been to London before. Although Hagrid seemed to know
Hermione had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley,
Hermione had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place. It was
Hermione had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner. A hundred
Hermione had reached the shed. He leaned against the wooden door and looked
Hermione had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and
Hermione had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him
Hermione had the best morning he'd had in a long time. He was careful to
Hermione had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in
Hermione hadn't had a single letter since Hagrid's note, something that
Hermione handed the flute over. In the few seconds' silence, the dog
Hermione heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall. He took off
Hermione heard the little girl's voice.
Hermione hung back for a last word with Ron and Harry.
Hermione ignored her. Blood was pounding in his ears. He mounted the broom
Hermione jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off. Gliding
Hermione jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. He couldn't believe
Hermione jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as
Hermione kept to his room, with his new owl for company. He had decided to
Hermione knew Ron and Harry were thinking the same as he was. If Snape
Hermione knew, somehow, what to do. He leaned forward and grasped the broom
Hermione knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the
Hermione laughed, but he was one of the few who did.
Hermione lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch. He
Hermione leaned back quickly so they couldn't see him looking.
Hermione leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling something. Snape interrupted
Hermione leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on
Hermione learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a
Hermione left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two
Hermione left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor. He
Hermione listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up
Hermione looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he
Hermione looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldn't afford
Hermione looked at the tiny bottle.
Hermione looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively
Hermione looked down at his empty gold plate. He had only just realized how
Hermione looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He dashed to the
Hermione looked in the bowl again.
Hermione looked into the fire. Now he came to think about it... every odd
Hermione looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost
Hermione looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank you, but the words
Hermione looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the
Hermione made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out
Hermione made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night. He
Hermione moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. He
Hermione nodded silently. He didn't have a clue what was going on, but he
Hermione nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was
Hermione nodded, but stopped quickly, because it made his head hurt. Then
Hermione nodded.
Hermione picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant
Hermione picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It was strange to
Hermione picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in thick brown paper and
Hermione played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn't
Hermione pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment
Hermione pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar. Ron stared.
Hermione pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. Written in narrow,
Hermione pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat.
Hermione pushed it open.
Hermione pushed the door open.
Hermione put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult
Hermione quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed
Hermione realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.
Hermione recited. "So -- that's sort of like basketball on broomsticks with
Hermione remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to
Hermione ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:
Hermione safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good -- every time
Hermione sank down next to the bowl of peas. "What did you talk to him
Hermione sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, the
Hermione sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the
Hermione sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor's tank
Hermione saw it. In a great rush of excitement he dived downward after the
Hermione saw that Hagrid looked very worried.
Hermione saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and
Hermione scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon
Hermione screwed up his courage.
Hermione seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue. He sat
Hermione shivered. He wasn't sure he liked Mr. Ollivander too much. He paid
Hermione shook his head and the boy sat down. He glanced at Hermione and then
Hermione shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor
Hermione shook his head.
Hermione shook his head. As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. Norris
Hermione shook his head. He understood what he had to do all right, it was
Hermione sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday he'd have given
Hermione slid off his back.
Hermione sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old
Hermione sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
Hermione sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed "SEIZE HIM!"
Hermione stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and
Hermione stared at the back of Firenze's head, which was dappled silver in
Hermione stared.
Hermione stared.
Hermione stared. Then he looked quickly around to see if anyone was
Hermione stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn't
Hermione stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape came around the corner
Hermione stood up.
Hermione stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope,
Hermione struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn't give. He
Hermione suddenly jumped to his feet.
Hermione suddenly realized that the tape measure, which was measuring
Hermione suddenly turned to Ron. Charlie, he said.
Hermione swallowed -- now what?
Hermione swallowed and looked around him. He realized he must be in the
Hermione swallowed.
Hermione swung round. The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four
Hermione then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He
Hermione thought she was probably right, but he wasn't going to tell her
Hermione thought this was going a bit far. He had been to school, after
Hermione thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus
Hermione thought. Then he said slowly, "It shows us what we want...
Hermione threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.
Hermione told Hagrid about Snape's lesson. Hagrid, like Ron, told Hermione not
Hermione took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle. He turned to
Hermione took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr.
Hermione took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. He raised
Hermione tried -- but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was
Hermione tried to shut the door quietly, but --
Hermione tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn't move.
Hermione tried to understand this but it made his head pound, so he
Hermione tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak
Hermione tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. Ollivander was waiting
Hermione turned around -- and saw, quite clearly, what. For a moment, he
Hermione turned over his card and read:
Hermione turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that
Hermione turned this news over in his mind. He was starting to get a
Hermione turned to Harry.
Hermione unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn't noticed the night
Hermione unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up the card. It showed a
Hermione waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found
Hermione walked round and round his new room. Someone knew he had moved out
Hermione walked toward him.
Hermione was almost glad that the exams weren't far away. All the studying
Hermione was faster than Higgs -- he could see the little round ball, wings
Hermione was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his
Hermione was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Dudley's gang,
Hermione was going to ask Ron if he'd had any of the treacle tart, but he
Hermione was halfway toward it before he remembered what he'd promised
Hermione was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell
Hermione was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the
Hermione was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn't have anything to do
Hermione was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him
Hermione was reminded of Gringotts. With an unpleasant jolt of the heart,
Hermione was rubbing his forehead.
Hermione was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching
Hermione was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his
Hermione was strongly reminded of Dudley.
Hermione was suddenly the most hated. Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs
Hermione was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous
Hermione was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them. He had just
Hermione was very relieved to find out that he wasn't miles behind everyone
Hermione was wondering what a wizard did once he'd finished school.
Hermione wasn't listening.
Hermione wasn't sure he could explain. He'd just had the best birthday of
Hermione watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn't look at him again.
Hermione watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the
Hermione watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it -- but just as
Hermione went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter. He handed
Hermione went back to the library, where Harry was testing Ron on
Hermione went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question. Neville
Hermione wished he had about eight more eyes. He turned his head in every
Hermione wished they wouldn't, because he was trying to concentrate on
Hermione woke at five o'clock the next morning and was too excited and
Hermione woke early the next morning. Although he could tell it was
Hermione woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again.
Hermione wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. While Ron
Hermione would have screamed, but he couldn't make a sound. Where there
Hermione wouldn't have noticed it was there. The people hurrying by didn't
Hermione!"
Hermione's bathrobe for the last minute. "What?"
Hermione's broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn' try an' kill a student!
Hermione's broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few
Hermione's did.
Hermione's eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them
Hermione's face. Hermione swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking
Hermione's heart did a somersault.
Hermione's heart gave a horrible jolt. A test? In front of the whole
Hermione's heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it
Hermione's in front of him -- and they had an owl.
Hermione's last month with the Dursleys wasn't fun. True, Dudley was now so
Hermione's letter clutched in his hand.
Hermione's mind was racing.
Hermione's mouth fell open. The dishes in front of him were now piled with
Hermione's plate. Hermione tore it open at once. It said, in a very untidy
Hermione's stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he saw, looked pale under
Hermione, "about what's guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy --"
Hermione, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of
Hermione, Ron, and Harry didn't speak to each other at all until they
Hermione, Ron, and Harry looked at one another, wondering what to tell
Hermione, and they had set off.
Hermione, charging at the figure.
Hermione, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had
Hermione, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.
Hermione, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who
Hermione, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down
Hermione, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron's ears
Hermione, who was looking up "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical Herbs and
Hermione, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them.
Hermione, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at
Hermione, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his
Hermione.
Hermione. Aunt Petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to
Hermione. Hermione had never seen her look so angry. Her lips were white.
Hermione. It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it
Hermione. smiled weakly. Yes, trying on the hat was a lot better than
Hermione."
Hermione?"
High and he'll be grateful for it. I've read those letters and he needs
His aunt and uncle stared.
His aunt was back outside the door.
His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon
His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and
His face fell.
His father's... this had been his father's. He let the material flow
His heart sank faster than he'd just dived. Professor McGonagall was
His name's been down ever since he was born. He's off ter the finest
His next present also contained candy -- a large box of Chocolate Frogs
Hmm," said a small voice in his ear. "Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty
Hogwarts not knowin'."
Hogwarts, fer cryin' out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yet parents
Hogwarts. Reckon Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of.
Hogwarts? So I told him, Fluffy's a piece o' cake if yeh know how to
Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Hermione's
How are you? Thanks for the letter -- I'd be glad to take the Norwegian
How long he stood there, he didn't know. The reflections did not fade
How they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never
How very wrong he was.
Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Hermione
Hufflepuff too much."
Hufflepuff, I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" "Mmm," said Hermione, wishing
I -- told -you," Harry gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest,
I WANT MY LETTER!" he shouted.
I bet you'll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won't you,
I can't handle."
I demand that you leave at once, sit!" he said. "You are breaking and
I did to the one in the chamber back there? Unfortunately, while
I do believe he worked so hard to protect you this year because he felt
I don't think so," said Hermione, I think it's just been knocked out."
I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle
I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Hermione, remembering suddenly. "It
I haven't eaten for nearly four hundred years," said the ghost. "I don't
I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed --
I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I've read all about them!
I know they don't," said Hermione. "It was only a dream."
I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have
I left, he was singing it a lullaby."
I must lie, he thought desperately. I must look and lie about what I
I never know," Hermione called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart,
I see you are not to be distracted. Very well, the Stone. Professor
I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we can't bend the
I think he sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he knows more or
I think he's been knocked out," Ron said to Hermione. He looked closer at
I told the evil git how ter get past Fluffy! I told him! It was the only
I want --" he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into
I want to go to the feast," he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened
I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with
I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too
I went looking for the troll because I -- I thought I could deal with it
I will be able to create a body of my own.... Now... why don't you give
I won't let you do it," he said, hurrying to stand in front of the
I would trust Hagrid with my life," said Dumbledore.
I'd say."
I'll be in Slytherin, all our family have been -- imagine being in
I'll eat myself if you can find
I'll take over from here."
I'm going to drag them off to took at racing brooms. I don't see why
I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong....'"
I'm waiting."
I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far
I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
I've never seen anything like it. Was that your first time on a
IN- FRONT- OF- ME!"
If he finds all three of us I'll tell him the truth, that I was trying
If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride
If yeh think yer father'd rather you were expelled, then get back off
In a low whisper, Hermione told them what he'd seen.
In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant,
In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on
In years to come, Hermione would never quite remember how he had managed to
Indeed, by the next morning Hermione and Ron thought that meeting the
Inferno, A Dragon Keeper's Guide."
Investigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July,
It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don't want everybody
It didn't come... he kept on running... he opened his eyes. A scarlet
It had been Hermione's best Christmas day ever. Yet something had been
It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving
It happened again. It was as though the broom was trying to buck him
It happened very suddenly. The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell's
It looked as though Hermione had found out where the grubby littie package
It looked like an unused classroom. The dark shapes of desks and chairs
It might've been happening while we were there!"
It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most
It seemed to be a handsome, leather-covered book. Hermione opened it
It sneezed. A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.
It sounded as though someone was threatening him. Hermione moved closer.
It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the car. Dud ley
It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire.
It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A wizened
It was Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris. Horror-struck, Hermione waved madly
It was Ginny Weasley, Ron's younger sister, but she wasn't pointing at
It was Harry who spoke first.
It was Peeves. He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight.
It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.
It was Quidditch Through the Ages. Hermione showed him.
It was Quirrell.
It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking
It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Hermione swore to himself not
It was a horrible sight. Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite
It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold
It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two
It was a sort of snuffling.
It was a tiny, grubby-looking pub. If Hagrid hadn't pointed it out,
It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. The
It was a while before any of them said anything. Neville, indeed, looked
It was all delicious.
It was as Hermione dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously
It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Hermione's
It was dinnertime. Hermione had just finished telling Ron what had happened
It was enough. Up in the air, Hermione was suddenly able to clamber back on
It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down their
It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the
It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body. He put the bottle
It was lucky that Hermione had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because
It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of
It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more
It was only then that Hermione realized what was standing behind Quirrell.
It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Hermione that Dumbledore
It was really lucky that Hermione now had Hermlone as a friend. He didn't
It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Hermione
It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for
It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was such a warm day, there
It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did
It was the Mirror of Erised.
It was the best evening of Hermione's life, better than winning at
It was the first time Harry had ever failed to answer a teacher's
It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?
It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead. Hermione had never seen
It was true that Hermione wasn't going back to Privet Drive for Christmas.
It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Vernon was pointing at what
It was very difficult. Hermione and Seamus swished and flicked, but the
It wasn't Mrs. Norris. It was Neville. He was curled up on the floor,
It wasn't going to be that simple. They hadn't gone more than a dozen
It will be quicker this way.
It winked.
It's just astounding... of all the things to stop him... but how in the
It's really very selfish of you."
James Potter? It's an outrage! A scandal! Hermione Potter not knowin' his
Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin
Just in case.
Just then, the doorbell rang -- "Oh, good Lord, they're here!" said Aunt
Just then, the mail arrived. Hermione had gotten used to this by now, but
KILL HIM!" and other voices, maybe in Hermione's own head, crying, "Hermione!
Keeper for Gryffindor. I have to fly around our hoops and stop the other
Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts -- yeh'll know all about Hogwarts, o' course.
Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead
Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander... but I don't know
Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.
Lee was still commentating.
Leg-Locker Curse. He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to
Let me see. Yes...
Let's see... yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an' we could play
Levi-o-sa, make the 'gar' nice and long."
Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Hermione realized that the
Like everything else he owned, it had once belonged to someone else in
Little Whinging
London at once."
London, see. Deep under the Underground. Yeh'd die of hunger tryin' ter
Longbottom."
Look at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to
Love,
Lucky they found Hagrid, don't you think? Why didn't I see it before?"
Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.
Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the
Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding
Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.
Madam Hooch was refereeing. She stood in the middle of the field waiting
Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.
Madam Hooch. "Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come
Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.
Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at him.
Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict.
Magical Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. And
Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger
Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great
Magical Names of Our Time; he was missing, too, from Important Modern
Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling
Malfay certainly did talk about flying a lot. He complained loudly about
Malfoy and Crabbe weren't there yet. The crystal trophy cases glimmered
Malfoy couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Hermione and Ron were
Malfoy didn't move. He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his
Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.
Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch
Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course. Malfoy's eagle owl was
Malfoy had seen the dragon.
Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted -- so did Fang. The hooded
Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.
Malfoy looked at him.
Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another
Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.
Malfoy smiled nastily.
Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon, trying to get him out of
Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at
Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen. How
Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with
Malfoy's already done that," Neville choked out.
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering
Malfoy. And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive."
Malkin stood Hermione on a stool next to him) slipped a long robe over his
Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. "Listen, Hermione, would yeh mind if I
Malkin's shop alone, feeling nervous.
Marcus
Mars Bars as he could carry -- but the woman didn't have Mars Bars. What
Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Hermione had seen in the forest,
Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Hermione thought wildly,
McGonagall didn't say a word to him. She wrenched open doors and marched
McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend he's not careless. He does
McGonagall had seen. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a
McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and
McGonagall told Wood. "Didn't even scratch himself. Charlie Weasley
McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.
McGonagall's giant chess set!"
McGonagall's hand, with a horrible, forced smile. He caught Hermione's eye
McGonagall. "It doesn't take a genius to work it out. You fed Draco
Meanwhile, in the locker room, Hermione and the rest of the team were
Minerva McGonagall,
Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it
Miss Granger's done it!"
Mom, there he is, look!"
Monday. This reminded Hermione of something. If it was Monday -- and you
More silence followed this little speech. Hermione and Ron exchanged looks
Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the
Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the
Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat
Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars all over Britain?
Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a complete
Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked back at the
Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made
Mr. H. Potter
Mr. H. Potter
Mr. Ollivander fixed Hermione with his pale stare.
Mr. Ollivander had come so close that he and Hermione were almost nose to
Mr. Ollivander moved closer to Hermione. Hermione wished he would blink. Those
Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Hermione's forehead with a
Mr. Potter, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very
Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say
Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was
Mrs. Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over dinner all
Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley wondered
Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening
Mrs. Norris, and Hermione felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another
Mrs. Weasley smiled down at them.
Muggle chess except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot
Muggle world except in very special circumstances," said Hagrid. "An'
Muggles from noticing us if we're keeping dragons in the back garden -
Muggles in helicopters. He wasn't the only one, though: the way Seamus
Muggles?"
Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)
Must pay most dearly in their turn.
NICOLAS FLAMEL
NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK
NOW!"
Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find
Neither Neville nor Harry showed the slightest interest in what lay
Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;
Neville at the breakfast table. They were all the same:
Neville clutched the sleeve of Hermione's robe and made a choking noise.
Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his
Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his
Neville shook his head.
Neville stared at their guilty faces.
Neville was trying to remember what he'd forgotten when Draco Malfoy,
Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.
Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.
Neville's arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang together. His whole
Neville's hadn't moved at all. Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell
Neville's head. They heard him zooming away, rattling coats of armor as
Neville's lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.
Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were
Neville's toad zoom around the classroom. Professor Flitwick put the
Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed,
Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with
Neville, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or
Neville.
Neville?"
Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. Dudley was in
Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it
Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening
Nicolas Flamel was.
Nicolas Flamel."
No one could wait for the holidays to start. While the Gryffindor common
No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.
Nobody answered.
Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to
None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.
Norbert."
Norris skulking near the top.
Norris, but they were lucky. They sped up a staircase to the third floor
Not even one of the teachers?"
Not for nothing, though, was Hermione the youngest Seeker in a century. He
Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive. He was tall,
Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier he was
Now they were speeding past fields full of cows and sheep. They were
Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we'll send up green sparks, right?
Now, listen to me, all three of yeh -- yer meddlin' in things that don'
OTHER EQUIPMENT
Of finding more than treasure there.
Of what awaits the sin of greed,
Oh, Albus..."
Oliver Wood had arrived. fie was carrying a large wooden crate under his
Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.
On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Hermione. As they
On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin
On Hermione's other side, Percy Weasley and Harry were talking about
On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letters to
On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking
On the last day of August he thought he'd better speak to his aunt and
On the other hand, he'd gotten into terrible trouble for being found on
Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection
Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten
Once the holidays had started, Ron and Hermione were having too good a time
Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Hermione coming back from the barbers looking
One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore
One among us seven will let you move ahead,
One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood. The
One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings
One minute to go and he'd be eleven. Thirty seconds... twenty ... ten...
One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside
Only Ron stood by him.
Or perhaps in Slytherin
Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,
Or young with scabby knees,
Our heads could do with filling
Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who've spotted them, to
Out on the stone steps, Hermione turned to the others.
Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Hermione's list again.
Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place?
P-P-Potter?" He laughed nervously. "You'll be g-getting all your
PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN
Parvati."
Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town
Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Snape. He crossed the
Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He caught himself in time
Peeves cackled.
Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke."
Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on
People stared more than ever on the train. Hagrid took up two seats and
Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in
Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, looking disapproving. He
Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the
Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging
Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.
Percy was in his element.
Percy.
Perhaps Hermione had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange
Perhaps Snape had left the book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed
Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Hermione
Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice
Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched
Petunia frantically -- and a moment later, Dudley's best friend, Piers
Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made furious
Petunia was how he had gotten it.
Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one
Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags
Pliable. A little more power and excellent for transfiguration. Well, I
Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face
Pomfrey -- would she recognize a dragon bite? By the afternoon, though,
Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienic, and confiscated
Pomfrey..."
Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons. It was colder
Potter for President over the crowd. His heart skipped. He felt braver.
Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years;
Potter! We got Potter!" Hermione sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff
Potter!"
Potter's in this compartment. So it's you, is it?"
Potter, first years aren't allowed them."
Potter, we owe you one!"
Potter.
Potter. And what model is it?"
Potter."
Potter..." said Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet for pure nerve
Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him. This boy
Potters? If it did... if it got out that they were related to a pair of
Powdered root of what to an infusion of what? Hermione glanced at Ron, who
Prewetts -- an' you was only a baby, an' you lived."
Privet Drive. It didn't so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the
Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had
Professor McGonagall
Professor McGonagall Hermione had forgotten they still had detentions to do
Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of
Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one, the ghosts floated away
Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a
Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of
Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and
Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Hermione.
Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except
Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her
Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls
Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.
Professor McGonagall stopped outside a classroom. She opened the door
Professor McGonagall turned to Hermione and Ron.
Professor McGonagall was again different. Hermione had been quite right to
Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses
Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore. Professor
Professor McGonagall's nostrils flared.
Professor McGonagall's voice trembled as she went on. "That's not all.
Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by
Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four.
Professor McGonagall.
Professor McGonagall. "I'm very disappointed in you. If you're not hurt
Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!"
Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall --" he
QUIDDITCH
Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor -- what
Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the hoops to
Questions exploded inside Hermione's head like fireworks and he couldn't
Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup
Quidditch match, that's why he's doing this."
Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you -- but
Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for ages
Quidditch player himself."
Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls... he would
Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape's
Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into
Quirrell couldn't touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible
Quirrell cursed again.
Quirrell cursed under his breath.
Quirrell did not manage to take it from you. I arrived in time to
Quirrell moved close behind him. Hermione breathed in the funny smell that
Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he
Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Hermione, by
Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Hermione knew:
Quirrell rounded on Hermione.
Quirrell shivered suddenly. "He does not forgive mistakes easily. When I
Quirrell smiled. His face wasn't twitching at all.
Quirrell snapped his fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped
Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron
Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see
Quirrell wasn't moving his lips.
Quirrell's voice trailed away. Hermione was remembering his trip to Diagon
Quirrell, however, must have been braver than they'd thought. In the
Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy
Quirrell, who was passing.
Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and Harry were a
Railview Hotel
Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, "we
Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred
Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a
Remembrall I wouln't be on the team...."
Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet,
Ridgeback, but it won't be easy getting him here. I think the best thing
Ron also started teaching Hermione wizard chess. This was exactly like
Ron and Harry argued all the way to Herbology and in the end,
Ron and Harry joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in
Ron and Harry squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join
Ron and Harry, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to
Ron bit his lip.
Ron couldn't get worked up, it was too hot.
Ron couldn't resist it.
Ron didn't answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because
Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.
Ron dived, Harry rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Hermione
Ron dropped his wand. Harry Granger, telling a downright lie to a
Ron examined the lock on the door.
Ron followed right away. He landed, sprawled next to Hermione.
Ron gasped.
Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget. Draco
Ron glared at her as she left. Hermione peered out of the window. It was
Ron grabbed the binoculars. Snape was in the middle of the stands
Ron grunted in his sleep. Should Hermione wake him? Something held him back
Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to
Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it. There were four
Ron let go of the front of Malfoy's robes.
Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Harry and
Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had
Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a
Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was
Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of
Ron stared after her, his mouth open.
Ron stared as Hermione brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped
Ron started to direct the black pieces. They moved silently wherever he
Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris
Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at
Ron up.
Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. Harry
Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence.
Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class. "It's no wonder no
Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Hermione.
Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.
Ron went speeding in the direction that Hermione was pointing, crashed into
Ron's Charms homework for them. She would never let them copy ("How will
Ron's ears went pink. He seemed to think he'd said too much, because he
Ron's eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be
Ron's nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety
Ron's were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers underneath
Ron, and Harry moved closer together to block the fire from view;
Ron, at the next table, wasn't having much more luck.
Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him,
Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his
Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.
Ron, too. It was driving them nuts.
Ron, when Hermione told him about these drearns.
Ron.
Ron. "And have you really got -- you know..."
Ronan didn't answer immediately. He stared unblinkingly upward, then
Ronan pawed the ground nervously. "I'm sure Firenze thought he was
Ronan, you two. He's a centaur.))
Room 17
SMASH!
Saturday? They can meet you there and take him away while it's still
Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.
Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbets finally flew off
Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk
Scabbers. "No -- I don't believe it -- he's gone back to sleep-"
Scared of the students, scared of his own subject now, where's me
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all
Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.
Second, different are those who stand at either end,
Section. He had been wondering for a while if Flamel wasn't somewhere in
Section."
Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them
Seeker. That's you. And you don't have to worry about the Quaffle or the
Send me an answer as soon as possible.
Severus..."
Shaking, Hermione moved three spaces to the left.
She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion.
She held up a letter so they could read the green ink address:
She kissed Percy on the cheek and he left. Then she turned to the twins.
She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. She had to struggle
She left the chamber. Hermione swallowed.
She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. He was tall, thin, and
She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall was so big you could have
She pushed the book toward them, and Hermione and Ron read: The ancient
She raised her wand.
She said all this very fast.
She sat down. Ron looked taken aback.
She stood up, glaring at them.
She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It seemed
She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping
She turned to the rest of the class.
She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her
Silvery stuff? That's unicorn blood. There's a unicorn in there bin hurt
Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn't
Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a
Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.
Slytherin	would be learning together.
Slytherin House. They say he always favors them -- we'll be able to see
Slytherin girl. "Never thought you'd like fat little crybabies,
Slytherin.
Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced
Slytherin."
Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face Snape. I'll show
Slytherins.
Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with
Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd,
Snape and Filch were inside, alone. Snape was holding his robes above
Snape bandages.
Snape bent over the troll. Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and
Snape disliked him. By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew he'd
Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs
Snape gave Hermione a swift, piercing look. Hermione looked at the floor. He
Snape said, "And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your
Snape silkily. "Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it
Snape spat bitterly on the ground.
Snape that he didn't want to tell Hermione?
Snape was standing there.
Snape was still ignoring Harry's quivering hand.
Snape would never know what had happened.
Snape wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.
Snape's face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to
Snape's lips curled into a sneer.
Snape, however, was not pleased.
Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and
Snape.
Snape.
Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and Harry he was going to ask Snape if
Snape?" said Harry in alarm.
Snitch clasped in his hand.
Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they
So Hermione set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang. They
So he knew. The feeling suddenly surged back into Hermione's legs. He
So if you seek beneath our floors
So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to
So put me on! Don't be afraid!
So teach us things worth knowing,
So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to -the Great
So try me on and I will tell you
So where shall I put you?"
Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head. It was Malfoy.
Someone knocked into Hermione as they hurried past him. It was Harry.
Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some
Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week
Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. They inched closer.
Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught
Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it
Something gold was glinting just above him. The Snitch! He tried to
Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault,
Something very painful was going on in Hermione's mind. As Hagrid's story
Sometimes, Hermione noticed, the hat shouted out the house at once, but at
Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall.
Sorcerer's Stone against his leg. Dare he make a break for it?
Sorcerer's Stone? Hermione didn't see how he could -- yet he sometimes had
Sorted, I suppose?"
Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Hermione told the other
Spells."
Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor
Still, you weren't eleven every day.
Stone's here fer a good reason. It Was almost stolen outta Gringotts - I
Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad
Suddenly, Hermione felt wide-awake. The whole of Hogwarts was open to him
Suddenly, in a clearing ahead, something definitely moved.
Suddenly, people were pointing up at Hermione all over the stands. His
Surrey
THE BOY WHO LIVED
THE END
THE FORIBIDDEN FOREST
THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS
THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS
THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE
THE MAN WITH TWO FACES
THE MIDNIGHT DUEL
THE MIRROR OF ERISED
THE POTIONS MASTER
THE SORTING HAT
THE VANISHING GLASS
THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR
Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.
Tap. Tap. Tap.
Teach us something please,
Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a
Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.
That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd
That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in
That third night he found his way more quickly than before. He was
The Cupboard under the Stairs
The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble
The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr.
The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and
The Dursleys had never exactly starved Hermione, but he'd never been
The Dursleys often spoke about Hermione like this, as though he wasn't
The Dursleys were cowering against the wall.
The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt
The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Hermione, Ron, and
The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds,
The Hermione Potter?"
The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.
The Potters smiled and waved at Hermione and he stared hungrily back at
The Quidditch season had begun. On Saturday, Hermione would be playing in
The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up.
The Restricted Section was right at the back of the library. Step ping
The Sea. He pulled out the letter and read:
The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying
The Slytherins were cheering. No one seemed to have noticed that Hermione's
The Sorting Hat can't see,
The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk
The Weasley twins' friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the
The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale
The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about
The anger faded from Hagrid's face. He looked suddenly anxious.
The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs. As they
The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the windows rattle. Hermione
The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Hermione read on:
The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him
The brick he had touched quivered -- it wriggled -- in the middle, a
The centaur didn't answer. He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale
The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a
The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.
The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense
The club flew suddenly out of the troll's hand, rose high, high up into
The common room was packed and noisy. Everyone was eating the food that
The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder. The neat
The din was deafening. Those who could add up while yelling themselves
The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog, but
The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy
The door swung open at once. A tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green
The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and
The egg was lying on the table. There were deep cracks in it. Something
The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the
The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Hermione his
The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging
The following morning, notes were delivered to Hermione, Harry, and
The following week dragged by. Wednesday night found Harry and Hermione
The forest is not safe at this time -- especially for you. Can you ride?
The forest was black and silent. A little way into it they reached a
The ghosts didn't help, either. It was always a nasty shock when one of
The giant chuckled darkly.
The giant chuckled.
The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and
The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just
The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his
The goblin looked at it closely.
The goblin read the letter carefully.
The hall looked spectacular. Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all
The high voice spoke again.
The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the
The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind
The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.
The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over the door
The last thing Hermione saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the
The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Hermione and Hagrid made
The library was pitch-black and very eerie. Hermione lit a lamp to see his
The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron's eyes, but Harry
The lock clicked and the door swung open -- they piled through it, shut
The minutes dragged by. Their ears seemed sharper than usual. Hermione's
The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throwing them
The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black take.
The next chamber was so dark they couldn't see anything at all. But as
The next morning dawned very bright and cold. The Great Hall was full of
The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down
The oldest boy came striding into sight. He had already changed into his
The other Slytherins joined in.
The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door, but it
The other two stared at him. He was pale and his eyes were glittering.
The others laughed.
The pain had gone as quickly as it had come. Harder to shake off was the
The pain in Hermione's head was so bad he fell to his knees. It took a
The problem was, strange things often happened around Hermione and it was
The rat was still snoozing on Ron's lap.
The repaired alarm clock rang at six o'clock the next morning. Hermione
The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the
The rest of the team landed next to George to complain, too.
The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their
The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.
The room went very still. The Slytherins' smiles faded a little.
The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.
The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk. It
The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. They went to bed
The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass. Hermione
The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised
The snake nodded vigorously.
The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly, it raised
The snow still hadn't melted the next morning.
The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember
The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest
The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on. Hermione
The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop.
The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at
The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws
The three of them put their heads together to read the note.
The toadless boy was back, but this time he had a girl with him. She was
The train began to move. Hermione saw the boys' mother waving and their
The train pulled out of the station. Hermione wanted to watch Hagrid until
The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way
The trees were so thick he couldn't see where Snape had gone. He flew in
The troll stopped a few feet from Harry. It lumbered around, blinking
The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside. It waggled its
The twins were back.
The two boys gawked at him, and Hermione felt himself turning red. Then, to
The white king took off his crown and threw it at Hermione's feet. They had
The white mice had disappeared and Hermione had a nasty feeling they were
The white queen turned her blank face toward him.
The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It
The whole shack shivered and Hermione sat bolt upright, staring at the
The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and
The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea
Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart;
Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their
Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken. The white
Their mother suddenly became very stern.
Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short, gray hair, and
Their very last exam was History of Magic. One hour of answering
Then a noise in the next room made them jump. Hermione had only just raised
Then a pain like he'd never felt before pierced his head; it was as
Then a small voice came out of the shadows.
Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate.
Then she changed her desk into a pig and back again. They were all very
Then she suddenly smiled.
Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air --
Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Hermione
Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Hermione's new
Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice session, Wood gave
Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Hermione another note from Hagrid.
Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the
There have been many reports of the Sorcerer's Stone over the centuries,
There he was, reflected in it, white and scared-looking, and there,
There they were. His mother and father beamed at the sight of him.
There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the
There was a hitch. By the next morning, Ron's bitten hand had swollen to
There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Hermione
There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced
There was a loud "Oooooh!"
There was a pause. Then --
There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide
There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over the noise,
There was a tap on the dark window.
There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or
There was already someone there -- but it wasn't Snape. It wasn't even
There was an uproar. It took several purple firecrackers exploding from
There was no alternative.
There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didn't meet Hermione's eyes
There was no mistaking that silver beard.
There was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for
There was no signature. Hermione stared at the note. Ron was admiring the
There was nothing else for it.
There was only one room inside. Hams and pheasants were hanging from the
There was silence inside the hut. Only the sea and the whistling wind
There was somethin' goin' on that night he hadn't counted on -- I dunno
There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.
There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the
There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide,
There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more
There weren't many people left now. "Moon" "Nott" "Parkinson" then a
There's nothing hidden in your head
There, look."
These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets. At the
They all drew their chairs up to the table and watched with bated
They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Hermione and
They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for
They both looked up. It was Harry Granger.
They bought Hermione's school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts
They didn't meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the
They didn't stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall Dudley was
They didn't tell him much. Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled
They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Petunia didn't dare ask where they
They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into
They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn't
They fell backward -- Hermione slammed the door shut, and they ran, they
They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the
They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone floor. Hermione
They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail
They frog-marched Percy from the room, his arms pinned to his side by
They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. Hermione got toast,
They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li- brary
They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Hagrid
They had just passed a bend in the path when Harry grabbed Hagrid's
They had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick called them one by
They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other
They had reached another door.
They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.
They had reached the station. There was a train to London in five
They had to study the night skies through their telescopes every
They hadn't even reached the end of the corridor when Harry caught up
They hadn't realized how loudly they had been talking.
They hadn't realized what a racket they had been making, but of course,
They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking
They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the
They hurried out of the chamber and didn't speak at all until they had
They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Hermione looked into the
They landed quickly, and Hermione ran to the door, the key struggling in
They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private
They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the
They looked at each other.
They looked at one another.
They looked at the dragon. It had grown three times in length in just a
They marched off across the dark grounds. Neville kept sniffing. Hermione
They passed different groups of people hurrying in different directions.
They passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite direction,
They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across
They pushed the door open. Hermione dropped the cloak from around his
They reached King's Cross at half past ten. Uncle Vernon dumped Hermione's
They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly
They settled down in the boat, Hermione still staring at Hagrid, trying to
They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as
They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Hermione and
They stared at him.
They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind
They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. Every now and then a
They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound.
They walked on through the dense, dark trees. Hermione kept looking
They walked past a mossy tree stump. Hermione could hear running water;
They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, Oak
They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering -- glittering?
They went off to lunch.
They were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels.
They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air became
They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that
They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black
They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape
They were trapped.
They weren't in a room, as he had supposed. They were in a corridor. The
They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time came for him to say
They'd left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.
They're saying he tried to kill the Potter's son, Hermione. But -- he
Thief, you have been warned, beware
Things couldn't have been worse.
Things didn't improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson
Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,
This didn't have quite the effect she'd expected.
This only left one parcel. Hermione picked it up and felt it. It was very
This specimen was bred in the zoo. "Oh, I see -- so you've never been to
This was so unfair that Hermione opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked
This was why Hermione spent as much time as possible out of the house,
Those cunning folk use any means
Those patient Hufflepuffis are true And unafraid of toil;
Thousand back to the broomshed. He couldn't ever remember feeling
Thousand turned wherever he wanted at his lightest touch.
Three boys entered, and Hermione recognized the middle one at once: it was
Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock like
Three of them are called Chasers."
Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.
Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching
To achieve their ends.
To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:
To his surprise, Hagrid chuckled.
Tongue- Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.
Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Hermione mounted his broomstick
Too weak to carry on. 'Cause somethin' about you finished him, Hermione.
Tufty again.
Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Hermione saw a purple wax
Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been
Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Hermione and Harry were in
Two Thousand -- fastest ever --" There were shops selling robes, shops
Two among our number hold only nettle wine,
Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,
UNIFORM
Uncle Vernon chuckled. "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like
Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Hermione was turning over the bacon.
Uncle Vernon grunted again.
Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.
Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.
Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.
Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned right
Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over
Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other
Uncle Vernon seized Hermione around the waist and threw him into the hall.
Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got
Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the
Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.
Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to
Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before
Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling. He was also carrying a long,
Uncle Vernon's courage failed again; he flattened himself against the
Uncle Vernon's rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four
Uncle Vernon, "swore we'd stamp it out of him! Wizard indeed!"
Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded
Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned
Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines
Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see
Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor
Use it well.
Vampires? Hags? Hermione's head was swimming. Hagrid, meanwhile, was
Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.
Vernon and Aunt Petunia. Taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece.
Vernon had taken Hermione aside.
Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Hermione was left to find
Voldemort.
Voldemort." Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was
WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass
WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint
WHAT IT'S DOING!"
Wands, and a number of other strange things Hermione had never seen in his
Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with the
Way up above them, Hermione was gliding over the game, squinting about for
We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts
We could send Norbert to him. Charlie can take care of him and then put
We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle
Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats
Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march.
Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that
Weasley."
Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you."
Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off
Weather's horrible. Hope you're Well.
Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the
What Hermione feared most was that he might not be able to find the mirror
What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he
What did it matter if Snape stole it, really?
What did you say you've got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?" Ron
What good's that ter anyone? Yeh'll do summat useful or Yeh'll get out.
What looked like the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine and ten.
What was going on? Where were the others?
What's your surname, anyway?"
Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasn't that. The books
Wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key,
When Angelina had scored, Hermione had done a couple of loop-the-loops to
When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their
When Hermione finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of
When Hermione knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and
When Hermione pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak
When Hermione walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started
When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Hermione looked at each other. "What is a
When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story
When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called,
When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville.
When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food
When he had been younger, Hermione had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown
When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table
When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a
When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice
When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an hour later,
When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large
When they shook their heads, he wailed, "I've lost him! He keeps getting
When they told him about Charlie's letter, his eyes filled with tears,
When you are older... I know you hate to hear this... when you are
Where dwell the brave at heart,
Where should he go? He stopped, his heart racing, and thought. And then
Where they are just and loyal,
Where those of wit and learning,
Where you ought to be.
Where's Mommy?"
Whether we be old and bald
Which was all very well, thought Hermione, but he had another reason for
While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom
While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to
While they had been talking, the train had carried them out of London.
Whispers followed Hermione from the moment he left his dormitory the next
Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things -- terrible, yes, but great."
Will always find their kind;
Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself
Wishing he'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Hermione left
With a last look at Hermione, the twins hopped off the train.
With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the
With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Hermione could
With some interesting stuff,
With the twins' help, Hermione's trunk was at last tucked away in a corner
Wizard's duel. Wands only -- no contact. What's the matter? Never heard
Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.
Wood cleared his throat for silence.
Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth and last ball.
Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once.
Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even the endless rain that
Wood's expression changed from puzzlement to delight.
Wood? thought Hermione, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on
Worst of all were Professor Snape's classes down in the dungeons, where
Wouldn't it be better just to go home, dear?" Aunt Petunia suggested
Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they
Yet Hermione Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for
Yet Hermione couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes
Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer. At last, he said, "The forest
You can keep your bowlers black,
You just wait. All right, we'll take you to King's Cross. We're going up
You might belong in Gryffindor,
You might belong in Hufflepuff,
You will always find some on nettle wine's left side;
You'll be expelled!"
You'll make your real friends,
You're in safe hands (though I have none)
You've got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn't blinking at all, I saw
You-Know-Who has gone -"
You-Know-Who never tried to get 'em on his side before... probably knew
You-Know-Who was one."
You-Know-Who's behind it."
Your detention will take place at eleven o'clock tonight. Meet Mr. Filch
Your top hats sleek and tall,
Yours sincerely,
a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Hermione at the Gryffindor table.
a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle, it's easy enough. Right,
a Nimbus Two Thousand."
a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia
a baby, after all."
a bezoar?"
a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the
a closer look at the egg. "It must've cost you a fortune."
a cup of tea with me around three?
a cup of tea. Hermione shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the
a desk. Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox
a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes. Madam
a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the stool she
a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve -- back to
a hinge. Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it
a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of
a joke. His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said
a little chat, and agreed it's all for the best."
a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls
a lot more interest than he'd shown back in Diagon Alley.
a muffled voice. "An' I've packed his teddy bear in case he gets
a multilevel parking garage.
a pig anyway there wasn't much left ter do."
a powerful magical substance, Mr. Potter. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix
a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots.
a second chance --"
a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, "Don't be sorry, my dear sir,
a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket? How
a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I
a troublesome zombie, but they weren't sure they believed this story.
a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.
a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.
a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and
able to get it, otherwise they'd just see themselves making gold or
able to tell them, but they couldn't risk Snape hearing what they were
about Hermione's age had their noses pressed against a window with
about Hermione.
about Mrs. Next Door's problems with her daughter and how Dudley had
about Quidditch!"
about anything acting in a way it shouldn't, no matter if it was in a
about even if they wouldn't work.
about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high
about it in Hogwarts, A History."
about it?"
about punishing you."
about the Sorcerer's tone --"
about the size of a soccer ball.
about the time he'd almost hit a hang glider on Charlie's old broom.
about to come out of it. With one great leap, Hermione managed to grab the
about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of
about, Hagrid? Did you mention Hogwarts at all?"
about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldn't bear people who dressed in
above him.
above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well
abysmal Potions one. They had hoped that Goyle, who was almost as stupid
accidents even with both feet on the ground.
aconite. Well? Why aren't you all copying that down?"
across a vomitflavored one, and since then I'm afraid I've rather lost
across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. Hermione
across the dark hall toward the front door --
across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor -
across the room. He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at
acting for the best, " he said in his gloomy voice.
added in a whisper to Hermione, "but he'll have a harder time frightenin'
address -- how could they possibly know where he sleeps? You don't think
address was written in emerald-green ink. There was no stamp.
addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock,
adventure. You know, the Stone was really not such a wonderful thing. As
afford an owl. After all, he'd never had any money in his life until a
afraid of With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won't touch you. Anyway,
afraid, some just wanted a bit o' his power, 'cause he was gettin'
after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were
after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, because a second later,
after pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Hermione was used to
after the grounds.
afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead. As he
afternoon.
afternoon. "Wood told me."
afternoon. On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast,
afternoon. Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside
again tonight. He had almost forgotten about Flamel. It didn't seem very
again, and again, why, he may never return to power."
again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his
again. "Hope your business goes well, Baron, I'll not bother you."
again. Funny, really... he needn't have bothered. I couldn't do anything
again. He stepped in front of it.
again."
against the table, and gasped, "Troll -- in the dungeons -- thought you
against the wall. Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.
ago now, started lookin' fer followers. Got 'em, too -- some were
agree."
agreed with him. Anything to get rid of Norbert -- and Malfoy.
agreed, though the thought didn't cheer him up at all.
ahead.
ahead. They couldn't see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor
air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that
air."
alive; that leaves Quirrell's spell, and Snape's."
all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had
all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain
all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, 'cause their mothers breathe on I
all over the place.
all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember
all sorts of rubbish -- spell books and wands and --"
all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. They had almost reached
all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.
all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose. The only thing Hermione
all worked for me. Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such
all yer stuff fer school."
all, and his marks weren't bad.
all. In fact, Hermione had the most peculiar feeling that only he and
all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass
all."
allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an' get yer letters to yeh an' stuff
allowed to eat as much as he liked. Dudley had always taken anything
almost dark now, but Hermione could see Quirrell, standing quite still as
almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like. He was just
almost flew, back down the corridor. Filch must have hurried off to look
almost impossible for him to hang on much longer. The whole crowd was on
almost there -- and then, quite suddenly, he wasn't anywhere.
almost unseated him.
alone, the best of all of them. However, this mirror will give us
along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the
along corridors with Hermione trotting miserably behind her. Maybe she was
along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was
along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice
along the ground. Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few
along the table. These fantastic party favors were nothing like the
already been brought up. Too tired to talk much, they pulled on their
already wearing her new Hogwarts robes.
although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten him on the
always bringing him packages of sweets from home, which he opened
always the ones who get clobbered by the other team."
amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.
amazement.
ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a good kick.
an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too --"
an' Harry'll go one way an' Draco, Neville, an' Fang'll go the other.
an' he killed 'em. Horribly. One o' the only safe places left was
and Dad were in it, too. I don't know what they'll say if I'm not. I
and Fungi?
and Harry didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Hermione. The idea
and Harry took.
and Harry walked back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn't come
and Harry.
and Hermione knew at once that Snape's feelings toward him hadn't changed
and Hermione was relieved to see that he was smiling.
and I've only just got away, I don't know where Snape went."
and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the cats she'd ever
and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long
and Professor McGonagall says that's a very imprecise branch of magic."
and Ron didn't talk much. Both of them were thinking about what they
and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer
and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Hermione in his cupboard, force him to do
and a frown.
and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow. Nice wand for charm
and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework,
and circled beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell.
and climbed through the hole.
and climbed through the portrait hole.
and cranberry sauce -- and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet
and crushed it into a trash can -- but at the moment it didn't look in
and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which
and damp, musty sheets. Dudley snored but Hermione stayed awake, sitting on
and ends up setting fire to his bed."
and gathered up the fallen books. I suggest you all go back outside and
and he looked and looked until a distant noise brought him back to his
and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it.
and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once. Perhaps they
and hovered about a foot off the stairs.
and hurried from the room.
and if they came much nearer they'd knock right into him -- the cloak
and it didn't improve his mood -- was the tabby cat he'd spotted that
and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed
and kicked off from the ground. What a feeling -- he swooped in and out
and leave him in the car...."
and meet Hagrid with you?"
and my aunt and uncle -- so who sent these?"
and nearer -- he wouldn't be able to stop -- the cart was out of control
and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.
and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch -all the Chasers seemed to have
and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the
and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty points."
and packages onto their laps.
and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to
and poked her head inside.
and pulled on the invisibility cloak.
and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging
and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the
and see himself exactly as he is. Does that help?"
and seventy- two."
and she didn't seem quite as fond of them as before. She let Hermione watch
and should therefore be treated with great caution. However, I shall
and shriveled up.
and slammed them down on the table.
and stared at the sky. "Mars is bright tonight."
and started trying to turn it into a needle. By the end of the lesson,
and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding,
and steal the Stone. I've got to talk to Professor Dumbledore."
and strapping it down safely. "The Bludgers rocket around, trying to
and taken off. He hadn't been lying, he could fly well. Hovering level
and the next second, Hermione felt Quirrell's hand close on his wrist. At
and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a
and they'd be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam
and tiptoed toward the trophy room.
and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery.
and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Hermione, Ron,
and what a waste of time, when after all that, I'm going to kill you
and wiping his forehead. Neville was bent double, wheezing and
and you still seem to have some."
and you're out of the game!"
angry voice from just behind them. Harry was stomping up the stairs,
angry?"
annoying singsong voice.
another escalator, out into Paddington station; Hermione only realized
another feather -- just one other. It is very curious indeed that you
another lemon drop and did not answer.
another one and Hermione was allowed to finish the first.
another one! 'Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'"
another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl -- a real, live,
another wizard's wand."
answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to, in which
answer... Yes, that's best... we won't do anything....
answered before Hermione could.
answers anyway.
anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard
any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life, which
any points back if we can't win at Quidditch?"
any presents and -- oh, no," he groaned, "she's made you a Weasley
any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results --
anyone (except perhaps the Weasley twins) and could pop up as suddenly
anythin', let me know, won't yeh? We'll be off, then."
anything about magic at all. How can they expect great things? I'm
anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until
anything like that.
anything new, either, with five brothers. I've got Bill's old robes,
anything ourselves we'll be thrown out for sure."
anything so beautiful and sad. Its long, slender legs were stuck out at
anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the
anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but
anything to be up here. Today he'd rather be back in his cupboard with
anything yeh want ter keep safe -- 'cept maybe Hogwarts. As a matter o'
anything, but he wasn't very hopeful. They had been looking for two
anything, or shout at him -- in fact, they didn't speak to him at all.
anyway, yeh couldn' work any of them curses yet, yeh'll need a lot more
anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous. You should see the burns
anyway.
anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like
anyway?"
anywhere -- just give us a hint -- I know I've read his name somewhere."
apart from Fluffy."
apart from you."
appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked
are much better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends
are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around. You know what
are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read
are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite
are you studying for, you already know it A."
are your parents?"
argue. Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the
arm.
arm. Hermione landed next to him.
arms around him.
arms were so long.
around Hermione's neck -- Hermione's scar was almost blinding him with pain,
around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks
around himself. Looking down at his legs, he saw only moonlight and
around in his seat and yelled at Hermione, his face like a gigantic beet
around in the middle of the night, how dare you --"
around since last night at least."
around the corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the
around the edge. It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because
around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with
around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel. Every
around the top: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi. His panic
around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed
around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood
arrived."
arriving at Hagrid's hut because they'd had to wait for Peeves to get
as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin. Professor McGonagall rolled
as Harry. They piled so much homework on them that the Easter
as Hermione, because they weren't as well-known, but nobody would speak to
as any of the ghosts. The students all hated him, and it was the dearest
as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach."
as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he had passed, too. It was a
as he worked, and jumped at small noises.
as his enemies. Nevertheless, Hermione, while you may only have delayed his
as if Norbert's fangs were poisonous.
as if he'd never speak again.
as it cleared, Hermione gasped. Inside were mounds of gold coins. Columns
as she towered over the three of them.
as there wasn't much room. Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents.
as they approached the giant heads. "I think we'll be able to pull the
as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts
as they trudged back up to the castle. "I wouldn't be surprised if you
as though he hadn't been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors
as though he'd been making another bid for freedom.
as though they knew someone was there who shouldn't be.
as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild - long
ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.
ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel. They were sure she'd be
ask him.
asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types --
asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors
asked.
asleep yet. Until they were, he couldn't risk sneaking to the kitchen
asleep.
asleep.
asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as
astonishing sight.
astonishing things to happen. Hermione Potter rolled over inside his
at Hermione, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day,
at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly
at all, you'd better get off to Gryffindor tower. Students are finishing
at each other, they all said "Thanks," and hurried off to get plates.
at each other, very scared, until they couldn't hear anything but the
at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring.
at home. I'm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer...."
at how crazy his hero was.
at once. He didn't feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be
at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were
at the end, and shuddered.
at the first years. They seemed to be arguing. What looked like a fat
at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried
at two large ice creams to show he couldn't come in.
attack Hagrid's coat.
attention and pointed at himself.
award Gryffindor house fifty points."
awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a
away and Filch cursing in rage.
away from me!"
away. "Wonder what's wrong with his leg?"
back and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a
back doors so no one could go out. He hummed "Tiptoe Through the Tulips"
back into bed. The dog was guarding something.... What had Hagrid said?
back into its deep sleep.
back into solid wall.
back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.
back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.
back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo
back through the purple."
back to his legs.
back! Have you no shame? Are you a common mule?"
back, it's best if I keep me mouth shut," said Hagrid.
back. "He was on to me by that time, trying to find out how far I'd got.
back. And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair,
back. No, I've got Morgana again and I've got about six of her... do you
back."
back... and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his
backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.
backs while Dudley hit them. Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.
badly by summat. This is the second time in a week. I found one dead
badly we've done, there's no need to worry yet."
ball of the lot. It's very hard to catch because it's so fast and
balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.
balls as hard as he could in every direction for Hermione to catch.
bananas. He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked
bank, and Hermione were just a few of his favorite subjects. This morning,
bank. If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon -- Norbert had been bad
banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great
barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy
barrier between platforms nine and ten. Don't stop and don't be scared
bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut. The
basket -- but propped against the wall facing him was something that
bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.
bathroom. They had just turned the corner when they heard quick
battered now that it had been caught twice.
be --?"
be as long as your house. Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment."
be copying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, he'd
be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off."
be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never
be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!"
be nice if you moved into Dudley's second bedroom.
be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door.
be sorted," she said. "Abbott, Hannah!"
beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm. Then he
beaming at him.
beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles
beaverskin boots.
became clear to me that the place I should be was the one I had just
became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Hermione woke,
became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded
because Dudley had sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. They
because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the
because Griphook wasn't steering.
because no one wanted Dudley to think they liked him.
because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist
because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.
because they were all so impressed at the way Hermione had managed to stay
become a bit depressing after a while.
become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.
bed and into trouble. I've already caught him. I suppose you think it's
bed. The clock on the wall had just
bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door
beech tree.
been a horrible mistake. A wizard? Him? How could he possibly be? He'd
been destroyed."
been fighting, have you? You'll be in trouble before we even get there!"
been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for getting rid of
been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.
been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds.... Unicorn
been wild to get his hands on some of these. Hagrid almost had to drag
been wrong. Snape didn't dislike Hermione -- he hated him.
been years since he'd really cried -- but he knew that if he screwed up
beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.
before he can walk and talk! Famous for something he won't even
before his eyes.
before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling,
before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.
before starting to make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and
before the Muggles started swarmin' around. He fell asleep as we was
before the other team's Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the
before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they
before, and read:
before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes,
before. Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the field so that
began rubbing the end of his nose.
began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a
begin, not knowing what Flamel might have done to get himself into a
beginning at Hogwarts, you'll be just fine. just be yerself. I know it's
begins, I suppose, with -- with a person called -- but it's incredible
behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out
behind her.
behind his back.
behind them.
behind them.
behind them. "Are you trying to earn some extra money, Weasley? Hoping
being stupid. Potter wasn't such an unusual name. He was sure there were
believe it when he realized that he'd already been at Hogwarts two
beneath them? Were there really shops that sold spell books and
best teachers if you ask me.... It's just a pity they let the old
best witches an' wizards of the age -- the McKinnons, the Bones, the
between his nostrils, was doing this on its own. Mr. Ollivander was
between them and that monster. They didn't stop running until they
bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to
bezoar was. He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were
big mistake.
big, squashy something had been his uncle's face. Uncle Vernon had been
bike back. G'night, Professor McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore, sir."
bill, and -- a letter for Hermione.
billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Hermione noticed a shiny silver badge
bin killin' the unicorns -- never heard anythin' like it before."
binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Hermione.
binoculars around his neck, "But it isn't the same as bein' in the
birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school
biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Hermione followed Griphook toward
bit politer you'll go the same way as your parents. They didn't know
black and silver volume caught his eye. He pulled it out with
black boarhound.
black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.
black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore
blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside
blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a
blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from
blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a
blood has strengthened me, these past weeks... you saw faithful Quirrell
blood on the fallen leaves.
blood or practicing wand movements. Moaning and yawning, Hermione and Ron
bloody handkerchief. "I'm not going to be able to hold a quill for a
blundering Neville -- Hermione knew what it must have cost him to try and
boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway.
boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping
boat!"
boats as people climbed out of them.
boats sitting in the water by the shore. Hermione and Ron were followed
bobbing away in the darkness.
body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face,
book had screamed -- for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but
book, even though Hermione was still sure he'd read the name somewhere.
book. He wasn't in Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century, or Notable
books were very interesting. He lay on his bed reading late into the
borrowed Fluffy from me... then some o' the teachers did enchantments...
bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus. All they really
bottles, globes of the moon....
bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and
bought.
bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.
boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling. For some reason, the back of
boy Hermione had passed on platform nine and threequarters came in. He
boy anything!"
boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.
boy in Madam Malkin's.
boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.
boy!"
boy, they looked like bodyguards.
boys through another. At the top of a spiral staircase -- they were
boys, all with flaming red hair. Each of them was pushing a trunk like
brains."
branches.
brass scales
breakfast the next day. They had just finished when the owner of the
breaking any more rules! And you were the one who told me to stand up to
breath.
breath. Slowly, the dog's growls ceased -- it tottered on its paws and
breathe."
bright tonight," he said simply.
broken at least twice. This man's name was Albus Dumbledore.
broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when he reminded himself it would be
broken. The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working
broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to
broom was behaving strangely. It was carrying- him slowly higher, away
brooms from the flying- key room, they'll get you out of the trapdoor
broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!"
broomstick, Potter?"
broomstick, trying to see through the leaves. Below, in a shadowy
broomstick. Come on, hurry up."
broomsticks and there's four balls -- sorta hard ter explain the rules."
broomsticks in it. "Look," Hermione heard one of them say, "the new Nimbus
broomsticks? Might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursleys had
brushed the ceiling. He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it
buffalo on his chest."
buildings. But all he'd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon
bun. She looked distinctly ruffled.
bundle of blankets on the step of number four.
bunny rabbit. When it bit me he told me off for frightening it. And when
burning holes in people's shoes. Within seconds, the whole class was
burst into tears. Gryffindors up and down the table were beside
burying his face in it. "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead
business. Dumbledore's trusted me. More'n my job's worth ter tell yeh
business." Hagrid drew himself up proudly. "He usually gets me ter do
busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his
busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something. But he did seem to
busy with its heads."
busy... excellent..."
but I'm no match for him, really."
but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your
but dark fire -- then he was on the other side, in the last chamber.
but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its
but if I do, it's no big deal, because they did it first. You never get
but it was impossible. The rattling cart seemed to know its own way,
but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and
but saw no one else. just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead
but that was before he met Draco Malfoy.	Still, first-year
but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel,
but the way Hagrid goes on about it, you'd think it was a fluffy little
but they don't think they took anything, that's what's odd. 'Course,
but they're saying that when he couldn't kill Hermione Potter, Voldemort's
by his name? All this 'You- Know-Who' nonsense -- for eleven years I
by it. Harry was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come
by the arrival of the mail.
cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the Dursleys to get up. Two
cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).
call her Hedwig, a name he had found in A History of Magic. His school
called "Who is it?" before he let them in, and then shut the door
called Gred and Forge."
called him "the Seeker."
called it, gave the bills to Hermione so he could buy their tickets.
calm him down, jus' play him a bit o' music an' he'll go straight off
calming down enough to say, "Hermione was talking to it, weren't you,
came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the
came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.
came in.
came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table
came round the door. Ron and Hermione stood quite still, both thinking the
came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.
came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more
came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy
can't believe you're going to do this, Hermione."
can't."
candles in the pumpkins stutter. The feast appeared suddenly on the
cans outside the kitchen doors. Hermione supposed that the wind must have
capture of the Snitch it's now. Finish the game before Snape can favor
card!"
cards fer it if I wanted... but he had ter be sure I could handle it, he
careful -- let's go."
carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke. "Young Sirius Black lent it to
carefully over the rope that separated these books from the rest of the
carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with
carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which
case I beg you'll forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie."
case they're ever needed.... Right, off we go, and don't think of
castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they
catch it, but his arms were too heavy.
catch one.
catch the last report on the evening news:
catch you, he said you had a drag --"
caught a few words of what they were saying.
caught him in mid- jump.
caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled
caught you!"), and disappointment that he hadn't at least found out who
ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner
ceiling.
ceiling.
ceiling. He took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a
centaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not interested in anythin' closer'n the
centaurs... they know things... jus' don' let on much."
certain, there was no television in there.
chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.
championship this year? Gryffindors have never gone so long without
championship.
change on the train. He checked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure
change, an' he'll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had
changed their sleeping pattern." The newscaster allowed himself a grin.
changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing
charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them
cheek, Potter."
cheeks.
cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people
cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you
cheering with the rest.
cheers from the crowd. Harry stood up, her crossed fingers in her
chess --"
chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what
chestnut body with a long, reddish tail. Hermione and Harry's jaws
chicken blood every half hour. An' see here -- how ter recognize
children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.
chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open. Ron appeared out of
chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy
chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from
choked and said, "Alas! Ear wax!"
choosing precisely those things that are worst for them." Hermione lay
circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he
circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.
circling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters
clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.
clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid's lamp, coming out at
clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing. Professor McGonagall slammed
clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, "Oh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very
clapped her hands.
class into pairs to practice. Hermione's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which
class silent without effort. "As there is little foolish wand-waving
class, keeping her head down and working in silence.
classroom in front of them.
clean game, so Snape hasn't got an excuse to pick on us."
clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn't alone. Quirrell was there, too.
clearing. Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks
clearly not as fierce as he looked.
clearly than he had ever remembered it before -- and he remembered
clenched.
clicked it again -- the next lamp flickered into darkness. Twelve times
clicked it. The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He
climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined
climbed two floors up. It was a relief to be away from the smell of the
clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him
cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk. I just hope
cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down
cloak out from under it.
cloak, I won't need it now."
cloak, and they might as well be packing their bags already.
cloak.
close by. They were whispering excitedly together. Mr. Dursley was
close to Hermione's, "I'm warning you now, boy -- any funny business,
closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell
closer look.
clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to cheer
clothes. No arguments!"
cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.
coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was
coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.
cold eyes. He had looked through his books at the Dursleys', but did
cold fury in her voice. Hermione looked at Ron, who was still standing with
cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe
cold with a bloody lump on its head.
colder and colder as they hurtled round tight corners. They went
collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.
collect them, don't you?"
come anywhere near here again, I'll take another fifty points from
come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Hermione
come they did. To their great surprise, both he and Ron passed with good
come with me an' see the Great Hall, looks a treat."
comfortable saying "Voldemort" without worrying.
coming back to get him one of these days. His turban, he told them, had
coming through! Excuse me, I'm a prefect!"
coming...."
common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the
common room, we're having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and
common room. A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning
company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying
compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils,
complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to
complain about things: people at work, Hermione, the council, Hermione, the
complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didn't
complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.
complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Hermione was on Wood's
complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your
completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled
computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother.
computer in his sports bag.
concern yeh. It's dangerous. You forget that dog, an' you forget what
confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who.' I have never seen any reason
constrictor on him?
continued. Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a
cooked up? If Hermione hadn't known that the Dursleys had no sense of
coolly.
copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several
cork shot out of a bottle -- twelve feet -- twenty feet. Hermione saw his
corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. It was now
corner of his eye he saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing
corner was Dudley's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot
corner.
corner. Houses flashed past the window. Hermione felt a great leap of
cornered. How could they have been so stupid as to forget the cloak?
corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said,
corridor and disappeared from view.
corridor on the third floor. He wouldn't believe they were lost, was
corridor where they slammed into a door -- and it was locked.
corridors alone. Break a rule in front of her, put just one toe out of
could be heard.
could go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name was..."
could happen to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by
could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right
could look more cheerful, Hermione, we've got a week before we find out how
could not touch you for this reason. It was agony to touch a person
could see a tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be going off
could sell you a magic wand. This was just an ordinary street full of
could spear on a toasting fork -- bread, English muffins, marshmallows
could they ever make up for this?
could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam
could usually count on Dudley to know the days the week, because of
could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was? Oh, she got a
could've done if he was comin' back.
couldn't even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to
couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.
couldn't go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door,
couldn't have done it."
couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the
couldn't read maps or signs. Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and
couldn't see them.
couldn't sleep. He shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable,
couldn't speak. Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.
couldn't. He couldn't kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how,
couldn't. He started having nightmares. Over and over again he dreamed
counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.
country. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for
countryside on his broomstick. Even Ron would tell anyone who'd listen
courageous fight... but your mother needn't have died... she was trying
course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the
course, his birthdays were never exactly fun -- last year, the Dursleys
covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with
cracker with Fred and it didn't just bang, it went off with a blast like
crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.
crate. About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out
credit to whichever house becomes yours.
creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. They could hear Filch
crept by.
crept toward the trapdoor. They could feel the dog's hot, smelly breath
crossed the yard. Hermione noticed at once that Snape was limping. Hermione,
crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last
crowd. No sign of the Snitch yet, eh?"
crowded corridor, "she's a nightmare, honestly. "
crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have
crying. "I've met him and I'm calling him by his name. Please cheer up,
cup. Hermione felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach. How
cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to
curiously. It was full of wizard photographs. Smiling and waving at him
curled around his chest.
cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it?"
cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't take his eyes off you."
cut up his steak,
cutting from the Daily Prophet:
dad says it must've been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts,
damage. I bet he expected you to refuse, anyway."
damp and empty. There were only two rooms.
danger. He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white
dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy's birthday."
daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Neville."
dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes. Hermione now
dark and silence. He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and Filch
dark.
darkness.
dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor found out what
day for the food and the fun, but not expecting any presents at all.
day!" she cried, flinging her arms around him.
day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every
day. After all, to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great
day. People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look
daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.
daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed
dear," and Hermione, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy,
decent broom, Professor -- a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven,
decide which to ask first. After a few minutes he stammered, "What does
deep into Goyle's knuckle - Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung
delicious feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a
delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about a week later.
deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could
demands on his time --
denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion --
desktop. Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and
desperate, Hermione asked for the train that left at eleven o'clock, but
detention -- what could spoil their happiness?
determined not to mention anything to his wife.
did he, just near enough to hear what they were saying.
did if he dared to ask a question.
did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.
didn' want it ter go ter any old home.... So I told him, after Fluffy, a
didn't approve of imagination.
didn't dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches... terrible
didn't dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could, "Their son --
didn't even manage to bite Snape's leg off properly.
didn't know what time it was and he couldn't be sure the Dursleys were
didn't like Hermione at all.
didn't look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone
didn't look as though he'd cracked yet.
didn't look it, but he was very fast.
didn't meet anyone.
didn't realize what he had seen -- then he jerked his head around to
didn't remember the dream at all.
didn't seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming
didn't soothe Ron at all. On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke
didn't stop him from being solid.
didn't wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to
die a very painful death."
die."
died in vain."
diff'rent eggs -- what I got there's a Norwegian Ridgeback. They're
different ways of treating werewolf bites, Hermione and Ron were still
difficult -- I think the cloaks big enough to cover two of us and
difficult to see. It's the Seeker's job to catch it. You've got to weave
difficult. See, there was this wizard who went... bad. As bad as you
difficulty -- and were off.
difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee,
dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles
direction as they walked up the street, trying to look at everything at
direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a
directions. There's blood all over the place, it must've bin staggerin'
dirty rags swimming in gray water.
disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he
discussing what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one. It
disgust. "I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more
do it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead? That was no
dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.
does he know about it, some o' the best I ever saw were the only ones
does."
dog, but I don't think she believes me -I shouldn't have hit him at the
doing in the library?"
doing it that was going to be the problem.
doing, checking for letter bombs?" He chuckled at his own joke.
doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him,
don't hang around once you've won."
don't suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put me in
don't think I can be a wizard."
don't use your eyes, any of you, do you?" she snapped. "Didn't you see
don't want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you'll lose all the
don't you try her?"
done for! This is the end!" They could hear footsteps, Filch running as
done, peering about nervously.
done... all the people he's killed... he couldn't kill a little boy?
donkeys after stray humans in our forest!"
door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the
door open," said Ron, peering over the dog's back. "Want to go first,
door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor
door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bounds
door.
door. "Even -- blimey -- Dumbledore's come to watch!"
door. Someone was outside, knocking to come in.
doormat.
doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Hermione in the lead,
dormitories. Hermione and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks
dormitory, about soccer. Ron couldn't see what was exciting about a game
doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding -- "
down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls'
down and -- FLUMP. With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on
down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking
down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look
down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto
down on a toilet, clutching his heart.
down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his
down on them. At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs.
down the corridor outside -- stuffing the shrieking book back on the
down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at
down their quills and roll up their parchment, Hermione couldn't help
down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on
down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.
dozen feasts and parties on my way here."
dragon egg! I'll never drink again! I should be chucked out an' made ter
dragon flopped onto the table. It wasn't exactly pretty; Hermione thought
dragon would be easy..."
dragon!"
dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas
dragon.
dream or even a cartoon -- they seemed to think he might get dangerous
dream up, eh?"
dream.
dream. He was wearing Professor Quirrell's turban, which kept talking to
dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didn't have much
drew closer, he heard Quirrell's voice.
dribbling down its front. It got to its feet and came swiftly toward
drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did
drinking Elixir of Life. My brain surprises even me sometimes.... Now,
drinking it for me in the forest... and once I have the Elixir of Life,
drive in the opposite direction for a while. "Shake'em off... shake 'em
drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet,
dropped.
ducked, but Hermione leapt into the air trying to catch one.
duffers, but --"
dungeon. Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamus's cauldron into a
dusk toward the Quidditch field. Held never been inside the stadium
dying away. That had been close, very close. It was a few seconds before
each other, and Hermione was sure the coats of armor could walk.
earlier that same day. Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and
earth was he going to do? He was starting to attract a lot of funny
easily back into its frame. The noise of the storm outside dropped a
eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns;
eating anything?"
eh, Potter?" Hermione forced himself to keep looking straight into those
eh?" he said, leering at them. "Oh yes... hard work and pain are the
either of them since the day Hermione's broomstick had arrived.
either, but cold and sharp. "Yes, Severus does seem the type, doesn't
either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the house championship was
elastic band. No one, ever, in his whole life, had written to him. Who
elephant skin, probably.
else. As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn't help
else. Lots of people had come from Muggle families and, like him, hadn't
em, see, an' when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o' brandy mixed with
emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.
empty painting. The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Harry
enchantments!" she stormed. "Enough of this nonsense! If I hear you 've
enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts
end of practice, but Hermione headed straight back to the Gryffindor common
end.
enjoy the sunshine."
enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.
enough questions. I suggest you make a start on these sweets. Ah! Bettie
enough to drink something else -- something that will bring you back to
enough...
enraged to see that a couple of them weren't young at all; why, that man
entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that
entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Harry out
entering!"
entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Hermione
equipment, I suppose? I've g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampires,
escape the straps holding them inside the box.
escape.
even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn't
even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price. You have
even lasted two weeks. He'd be packing his bags in ten minutes. What
events must be taken into account."
ever laid eyes on."
every flavor, they mean every flavor -- you know, you get all the
every morning, askin' fer advice."
every second.
every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a
everybody else was very pleased when Harry's lecture was interrupted
everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already
everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and
everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case
everyone in the Leaky Cauldron was like when they saw yeh. Anyway, what
everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing
everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.
everyone's saying? About why he's disappeared? About what finally
everything that had happened so far.
everything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man,
everywhere? Can't get rid of her -- Fitch puts her up to it."
exactly?"
examine the unicorn. "You are safe now."
examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule,
exams, which had been bewitched with an AntiCheating spell.
exasperated, half admiring. "But you're different. Everyone knows you're
except that it wasn't blond.
except, it seemed, Quirrell's spell and how to get past Fluffy.
excitedly, too, and he couldn't see a single collecting tin. It was on
excitement. He didn't know what he was going to but it had to be better
exercise -- unless of course it involved punching somebody. Dudley's
exhausted, their throats sore. But the night's surprises weren't over.
expelled from! He'll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark
expelled?" said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.
experience.... They say he met vampires in the Black Forest, and there
explain this, Harry said, "That's just the exams. I woke up last
extremely dirty. Aunt Petunia wouldn't have let it in the house.
eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.
eyes are just like mine, Hermione thought, edging a little closer to the
eyes beneath her spectacles. Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a
eyes glittered wickedly. "It's for your own good, you know."
eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as
eyes looked straight through him, and Hermione slipped under Filch's
eyes on all three heads at once?"
eyes were black like Hagrid's, but they had none of Hagrid's warmth.
face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."
face out from behind the tree. "Malfoy was insultin' his family."
face the black flames.
face, he added quickly, "But people only die in proper duels, you know,
face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble.
face-to-face. He couldn't miss it.
faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green
faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. They could hear the letters
facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved
fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway. Fer Dumbledore. Hogwarts
faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before. A moment
fading footsteps.
fading now that there was no sound of Filch and Snape, Hermione moved
failed to steal the stone from Gringotts, he was most displeased. He
falling asleep (Neville wasn't back from the hospital wing). Ron had
families.
family thought I was all- Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept
famous and I can't even remember what I'm famous for. I don't know what
famous place."
famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours' time by Mrs.
famous. You're famous."
fast as he could toward Peeves's shouts.
fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.
fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of
father didn't need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side." He turned to
father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was
father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food
father's cloak and everything?"
fault he's here in the first place."
favorite punching bag was Hermione, but he couldn't often catch him. Hermione
feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the
feeble Muggle ones the Dursleys usually bought, with their little
feel much like singing.
feeling Hermione had gotten from the teacher's look -- a feeling that he
feeling he'd had the same dream before.
feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn
feet, and Hermione was just wondering how much farther they had to go when
fell asleep almost as soon as he'd drawn the curtains of his
fell asleep almost at once.
fell into blackness, down ... down... down...
fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.
few days, I've got the chains still in my office, keep 'em well oiled in
few drinks an' got into a game o' cards with a stranger. Think he was
few hours -- but the expression on Snape's face when Hermione had seen his
few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to
few words of what they were saying.
few, well- chosen words. Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the
fields had gone. Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green
fierce joy he realized he'd found something he could do without being
fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.
fight on the grounds. Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they
fight what seems a losing battle next time -- and if he is delayed
figure raised its head and looked right at Hermione -- unicorn blood was
filled the whole space between ceiling and floor. It had three heads.
filthy windows. Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second
finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn't fit
finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Hermione's
finally, Hermione pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.
find out how the mirror worked. It's almost like he thought I had the
find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost
find them in the dark, to warn them.
find two people who are less like us. And they've got this son -- I saw
finding Flamel, though. Have some bacon or something, why aren't you
finding his way to classes.
fine thing it would be if, on the very day YouKnow-Who seems to have
finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round
fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Hermione, who was
fingertips. Then he looked up at Ron and said, "If anything happens to
finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind. He put the
finished."
fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. Two enormous feet sticking out at
fire -- toward the Stone."
fire.
fire. Hermione looked at it, too.
first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Hermione's name he
first place?"
first really fine day they'd had in months. The sky was a clear,
first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappeared. Said
first training session.
first years can't have their own. I think I'll bully father into getting
first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long,
first-year rule. Heaven knows, we need a better team than last year.
first."
first."
first."
fit the whole of the Dursleys' house in it. The stone walls were lit
five hundred, but I haven't got Agrippa or Ptolemy."
flaming torches. It sloped steeply downward and there were little
flash of green light and a burn- ing pain on his forehead. This, he
flashed furiously, "-- how dare you -- might have broken your neck --"
flatten his hair.
flattering voice. Hagrid's beard twitched and they could tell he was
flavored one once."
flickering candlelight. Dotted here and there among the students, the
flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.
floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.
flopped under a tree. The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the
flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick
flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the picture was the
fluttering, darting up ahead - - he put on an extra spurt of speed --
fly off again.
fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose
flyin' over Bristol."
flying tips she'd gotten out of a library book called Quidditch Through
folded neatly underneath them. There was a note pinned to it:
folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the
follow him if he leaves it. Harry, you'd better do that."
follow me."
followed.
food. He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table:
footsteps behind them.
for Gryffindor, didn't it? And where's Malfoy? In stinking Slytherin."
for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.
for Pleasure and Profit -- it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it's
for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent
for ages past, so it is now."
for another body to share... not being truly alive, he cannot be killed.
for him."
for it. The day before Hermione's first Quidditch match the three of them
for nothing could upset me today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at
for some food.
for the counter.
for the first time in his life.
for the two teams, her broom in her hand.
for them somewhere else, because they didn't see him anywhere, but they
for them. There was a very embarrassed pause. Then, none of them looking
for yeh!"
for yeh." He turned to Griphook. "Vault seven hundred and thirteen now,
for. The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the
for. Would you care for a lemon drop?"
forbidden corridor on the third floor. And now they knew why it was
forbidden forest. A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the
forbidden forest. Hermione's victory faded from his mind as he watched. He
forbidden.
force Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past
forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the
forest's full of dangerous beasts, everyone knows that. I do think he
forest. Neville thought Hermione had a bad case of exam nerves because
forest... and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get
forget-me-not blue, and there was a feeling in the air of summer coming.
forgets I don't like corned beef."
forgotten that the Dursleys were there. Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to
forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to
fork in the earth path, and Hermione, Harry, and Hagrid took the left
forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a
found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.
found out even if you hadn't told him."
found out somehow, this is Voldemort we're talking about, he'd have
found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy seized the
four-poster. Hermione leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the
four-posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains. Their trunks had
frame, standing on two clawed feet. There was an inscription carved
free time in Hagrid's darkened hut, trying to reason with him.
freeze where he stood. A bush on the edge of the clearing quivered....
friendly.
friends Misters Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to
frog? I might get Agrippa -- thanks
from Harry.
from Hermione's headmistress telling them Hermione had been climbing school
from Quirrell himself
from all that until he's ready to take it?"
from concentrating on the mirror.
from every page were his mother and father.
from one of the Weasleys' wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to
from the Gryffindor table. Hermione, Ron, and Harry stood up to yell and
from the Leaky Cauldron. He was looking very peculiar in a large purple
from the ceiling. While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a
from the first note the beast's eyes began to droop. Hermione hardly drew
from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.
from under his pillow. "Got this outta the library -- Dragon Breeding
from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.
front door.
front door.
front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him.
front of the mirror, and opened them again.
front of the mirror. There was nothing to stop him from staying here all
front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out
front to ask the conductor, and he says we're nearly there. You haven't
front window. Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Hermione and pointing
front, "and say 'Up!"'
full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.
full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort,
full of money. He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a
full of ordinary people. Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley,
full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their
full strength and power -- something that will mean you can never die.
fumbling in their panic. Hermione pulled the door open and they ran inside.
funny clothes -- the getups you saw on young people! He supposed this
funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?"
furious at the nerve of Hermione, carrying an owl in a cage in a station
furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the
furiously toward Marcus Flint.
game ended in complete confusion.
gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach... dreading going
gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose.
gathered around her. Hermione noticed that she seemed to be speaking
gave Harry a rare smile.
gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.
gave him a small smile. Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than
gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.
gave it to Neville, who looked as though he might cry.
gaze.
gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.
get annoyed, as though Hermione was being stupid on purpose. Getting
get off to bed?"
get one. These were the books containing powerful Dark Magic never
get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat."
get that with the Muggles -- someone tried to rob a high security
get the letters for number four first. His heart hammered as he crept
get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting
get to the mirror he hadn't noticed him.
gettin' yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldn't even know abou'
getting dark. He could see mountains and forests under a deep purple
getting here, Dumbledore?" She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she
getting nearer. Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke
getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine,
getting started at last on his cold pie. Catching the look on Hermione's
getting them to do what he wanted.
getting. Harry had now started making study schedules for Hermione and
ghosts shone misty silver. Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Hermione
ghosts. Hermione spotted Professor Quirtell, too, the nervous young man
giant tarantula down there."
giant. Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said,
gibber. As far as Hermione had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except
gigantic feet. Ron pointed -- at the end of a passage to the left,
given him for Christmas. He pocketed it to use on Fluffy -- he didn't
gives us all a bad name and you know, he's not really even a ghost -- I
giving me books."
glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.
glance at it. Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the
glass or crystal phials
glass, but the snake didn't budge.
glass, saying, "The usual, Hagrid?"
glass. Bright green -- exactly the same shape, but then he noticed that
glasses, and his hair was very untidy. It stuck up at the back, just as
glee. "Should've thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble,
glistening brown coils.
glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).
gloatingly at the Slytherin table.
gloom. It felt as though he was sitting on some sort of plant.
glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him
glowing coals.
go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's
go. But I bounced -- all the way down the garden and into the road. They
goal posts for Gryffindor. But in all the confusion, of course, the
goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team," Hermione
goblins were showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Hermione made
goes..."
goggle at in a zoo. Is he really, Fred? How do you know?"
going at all the way he wanted.
going near the dog again.
going to be brilliant. You must be good, Hermione, Wood was almost skipping
going to end up as Mrs. Norris's Christmas dinner.
going to know we're getting rid of Norbert."
going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for
golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.
golden watch from his pocket and examined it. It was a very odd watch.
gone far if it's this badly hurt, an' then we'll be able ter -- GET
gone, Vol-, I mean, You-Know- Who --"
gonna split inter two parties an' follow the trail in diff'rent
good armchairs by the fire. They sat by the hour eating anything they
good enough about turnin' up if ever I want a word. They're deep, mind,
good for her.
good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just
good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny
good reason, because Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of
good, is it? I've tried a few simple spells just for practice and it's
good-bye to Norbert if they hadn't been so worried about what they had
good. Well, well, well... how curious... how very curious... "
got a few extra books. for background reading, and you're in Modern
got all day." He walked away.
got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn't aff
got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened
got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was, "Who are
got no money -- you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no
got slowly to his feet.
got the pieces, though," he added brightly.
got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance
got yeh this..."
got yeh."
gotten a detention, too.
gotten back the marks for their very first piece of homework.
gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on the train. Dumbledore's silver hair
grandmother had never let him near one. Privately, Hermione felt she'd had
grass. "It's that stupid thing Longbottom's gran sent him."
gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head
great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to
great surprise. "You should have said something, we had no idea."
great things from you, Mr. Potter.... After all, He-
great time at Hogwarts -- I did -- still do, 'smatter of fact."
great tufts out of his mustache at the same time. I want you all back
great with animals."
great, shaggy head over Hermione and gave him what must have been a very
great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you
green had waved merrily at him once on a bus. A bald man in a very long
green icing.
greenhouse roof, and he still didn't have his room back. Hermione was
greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little
grimly. "Right, follow me, but careful, now."
grin through the gap in his mother's arms.
grinned at Hermione. "Comets look flashy, but they're not in the same
groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once
ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron.
ground like some stalking beast. Hermione, Malfoy, and Fang stood
ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact
ground!" said Malfoy.
ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch's
ground.
ground. On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in
ground. The cat's tail twitched and its eyes narrowed.
grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.
grounds. Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the
growled and twitched, but the moment Harry began to play, it fell
gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. Aunt Petunia burst
guarding Flamel's Sorcerer's Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it
guarding something."
guarding, it's a Sorcerer's St --"
had a knack for spotting things other people didn't. After a minute's
had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He
had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.
had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their
had also tent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a
had always been able to kick him around like a football?
had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and
had any idea that they were witches and wizards. There was so much to
had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.
had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week
had been held up by Madam Pomfrey's fussing about, insisting on giving
had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out
had been sent up. Harry, however, stood alone by the door, waiting
had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the
had been worrying him a lot lately, "I bet I'm the worst in the class."
had blocked Hermione on purpose, and Hermione's broom spun off course, Hermione
had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too,
had died in that car crash. He couldn't remember being in the car when
had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.
had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about
had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks.
had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.
had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow
had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
had just read him.
had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape
had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many
had replaced the snow couldn't dampen his spirits. The Weasleys
had said.
had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville had
had so many questions in his life.
had started drawing up study schedules and colorcoding all her notes.
had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell's stutter.
had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The
had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.
had vanished. The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering
had white-blond hair and a palomino body.
had you, and of course I knew you'd be just the same, just as strange,
hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you."
hadn't learned all the course books by heart either.
hadn't tried. At breakfast on Thursday she bored them all stupid with
hair, fixing Hermione with a bewildered stare.
hairs on the back of Hermione's neck prickled. Maybe he was imagining it,
half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library."
half me life chasin' yer twin brothers away from the forest."
half-moon glasses. "It would be enough to turn any boy's head. Famous
hall full of people craning to get a good look at him. Next second he
hall, Hermione right behind him. Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the
halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them.
hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it
hand on Hermione's shoulder and making Hermione's knees buckle.
hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick -- he hit the field
hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, "Thanks
hand, tears in his eyes.
hand.
hand.
hand.
hand. Ron and Harry's cheers echoed around the high chamber.
handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the
handing out sweets.
handle," Malfoy snapped back. "I suppose you and your brothers have to
handle."
hands together. "And this gentleman's kindly agreed to lend us his
hands.
hands. Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class. His
happen. The wand chooses the wizard, remember.... I think we must expect
happen.... They must show that Voldemort's coming back.... Bane thinks
happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a
happened when Vol-, sorry -- I mean, the night my parents died."
happened when he, Hermione, had been upset or angry... chased by Dudley's
happened?" Hermione asked urgently.
happier. He'd really done something to be proud of now -- no one could
happy day!"
happy to join in Dudley's favorite sport: Hermione Hunting.
hard. Yeh've been singled out, an' that's always hard. But yeh'll have a
hardly cared -- all they wanted to do was put as much space as possible
hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top
hardly heard a word of Wood's pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch
harness they'd rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them.
has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on
has got to keep an eye on Snape -- wait outside the staff room and
hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down. A moments pause
hatching?"
hating your father's memory in peace...."
have a few start-of-term notices to give you.
have a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had
have a window open? I'm boiling."
have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone,
have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name:
have form only when I can share another's body... but there have always
have got back his courage. He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were
have got you off that broom. I'd have managed it before then if Snape
have let him down many times. He has had to be very hard on me."
have noticed something's going on. It was on their news." She jerked her
have to drop."
having to do a spell, but he did wish they could have tried it on
he bought me my toad."
he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street
he could have it.
he could say something a bit more interesting.
he decided ter kill 'em, no one except you, an' he'd killed some o' the
he didn't want to walk into the station in his wizard's robes -- he'd
he ever refereed a Quidditch match? He's not going to be fair if we
he fell over on his way to the stool. The hat took a long time to decide
he flew off through the open window.
he had everything he needed, saw that Hedwig was shut safely in her
he had gone -- but how had he done it?
he had no choice. The cut had turned a nasty shade of green. It looked
he had to do kept his mind off his misery. He, Ron, and Harry kept to
he has left now."
he hated my father. Is that true?"
he is a bit mad, yes. Potatoes, Hermione?"
he is?"
he looked along the bottom shelf for an interestinglooking book. A large
he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on
he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in.
he passed.
he put it back in his pocket and said, "Hagrid's late. I suppose it was
he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards'
he said, "Sir, there are some other things I'd like to know, if you can
he snorted. He bent down over the fireplace; they couldn't see what he
he still had a black mark on his nose.
he told Hermione. "Want to come upstairs and practice?"
he walked straight into someone just outside the door.
he was gettin' more an' more powerful -- why'd he go?
he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on. "A
he was going. Perhaps because it was dark, he didn't recognize where he
he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he
he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against
he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to
he who told you I'd be here, by the way?"
he'd be about Dudley's age now, wouldn't he?"
he'd been looking for someone to practice that on."
he'd make you look good if he got it wrong, did you? That's another
he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley
he'd seen earlier. The ghost patted his arm, giving Hermione the sudden,
he'll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the house
he's runnin' back up ter the school."
he? I never saw his face, he kept his hood up."
he? So useful to have him swooping around like an overgrown bat. Next to
he?"
head back at the Dursleys' dark living-room window. "I heard it. Flocks
head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and
head looked strangely small without it. Then he turned slowly on the
head, and began to pin it to the right length.
head. "D'yeh think yer parents didn't leave yeh anything?"
headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky -- and
heads.
hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort's yells of, "KILL HIM!
heard
heard footsteps, because a second later, Harry Granger had come in.
heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over
heard none of this, though. He was being made a cup of strong tea back
heard voices. He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering
heart. Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what
heartstring. Nine inches. Nice and flexible. just take it and give it a
heaving and sweaty.
held in its beak.
held the broom steady. A few people below were clapping.
help you now, the Fat Lady's gone off somewhere."
hem of Snape's robes.
her from the dining room.
her head under her wing. He couldn't stop stammering his thanks,
her leaving her seat, but Hermione didn't have the faintest idea what a
her mouth open with terror.
her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.
her," Hermione reminded him.
her. Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant
here -- another young man being fitted up just now, in fact. "
here in five minutes ready to leave. We're going away. Just pack some
here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:
here lately? There's a unicorn bin injured -- would yeh know anythin'
here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough
here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't expect you
here. We may as well go and join the celebrations."
herself blown up and we got landed with you!"
hide -- except perhaps Hogwarts.
hide his leg. Hermione gulped.
hides many secrets."
high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.
high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.
high out of his reach. Aunt Petunia took it curiously and read the first
high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase facing them led to
high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the
high windows. At every turn Hermione expected to run into Filch or Mrs.
high, unbroken, earsplitting note. He stumbled backward and knocked over
hills.
him and a couple of other stupid first years.
him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was
him and make it easier."
him any second, but nothing happened. He reached the door untouched. He
him back in the wild!"
him behind their cauldron.
him in we'd stamp out that dangerous nonsense?"
him inside.
him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets.
him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full. It was decked
him sharply on the back of the head. Next moment, thirty or forty
him she was a witch 'til after they were married. Bit of a nasty shock
him so far.
him!"
him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Hermione's face. "What's the
him, telling him he must transfer to Slytherin at once, because it was
him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?"
him, wrestling him to the ground. Neville hesitated, then clambered over
him.
him.
him.
him. Hermione decided on the truth.
him. Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus
him. The evil face was now smiling.
him. Where's Dumbledore's office?"
him." On Christmas Eve, Hermione went to bed looking forward to the next
him... an' I said what I'd always really wanted was a dragon... an'
him?
himself about not meddling.
himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh
himself in time to hear Snape say, "-- your little bit of hocus-pocus.
himself power, all right. Dark days, Hermione. Didn't know who ter trust,
himself.
himself.
himself. "What does this mirror do? How does it work? Help me, Master!"
his Anti-Dark Force spell --"
his Smelting stick all the way down the hall. Then he shouted, "There's
his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to
his back on them, Hermione saw a curly pig's tail poking through a hole in
his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.
his binoculars. "If I didn' know better, I'd say he'd lost control of
his body, but couldn't feel them -- for a moment he could see nothing
his brand-new uniform. Smeltings' boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange
his broom... but he can't have...."
his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg's cabbage-smelling living room.
his destiny. Hermione told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it
his eyes off them. Soon he had not only Dumbledore and Morgana, but
his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.
his family -- in this case, his grandfather. However, old chessmen
his father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffled Dudley's hair.
his feet again. The hall fell silent.
his first match after weeks of training: Gryffindor versus Slytherin. If
his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet
his freckles. They crammed their pockets with the last of the sweets and
his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping him so busy. There
his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at
his grandfathers nodding happily. Hermione sank down to sit on the floor in
his great relief, Hermione wasn't punished.
his hand by Uncle Vernon.
his hand. He rammed it into the lock and turned -- it worked. The moment
his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain. When he turned
his head. As he measured, he said, "Every Ollivander wand has a core of
his knees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was handing
his lamp, which went out at once. Panicking, he heard footsteps coming
his life -- and yet -- he chewed his hamburger, trying to find the
his many candy boxes. I can, can't I?"
his mind off his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of
his neck prickled. The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle
his new chess set by losing spectacularly to Ron. He suspected he
his nose with a sound like a foghorn.
his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air -- it zoomed around
his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there
his parents had died. Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long
his quill and looking longingly out of the library window. It was the
his relief, a voice came floating in through the train's open door.
his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here."
his sideways looks. "If I was ter -- er -- speed things up a bit, would
his stomach rumbling with hunger. Dudley's snores were drowned by the
his sweater.
his trousers.
his turban. He was pale and looked as though he was about to cry. He
his voice again, Hermione said, "And the invisibility cloak - do you know
his voice, "Peeves -- show yourself"
his wand in the air. "You're lucky you weren't killed. Why aren't you in
his wand when they heard someone speak -and it wasn't Malfoy.
his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he
his wicked black eyes. "Know you're there, even if I can't see you. Are
hissing fires all over the hall.
hissing voice said, "Brazil, here I come.... Thanksss, amigo."
hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning
hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points
hold on. Then the whole crowd gasped. Hermione's broom had given a wild
holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its
holding her hand, "Mom, can't I go... "
holding on for dear life.
holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said Fred
holidays weren't nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones. It was hard
holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple."
home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups
honor."
hoops. Follow me?"
hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and
hopped down from the footstool.
horn and tail hair in Potions."
horrible as your head down it -- it might be sick." Then he ran, before
horrible feeling he'd just plunged it into a bucket of ice-cold water.
horrible to Hermione. Could Snape possibly know they'd found out about the
horrible yell.
hospital wing. He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next
hotel came over to their table.
hour, night had really fallen and they couldn't carry on.
hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding
hours later, Hermione's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the
hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding,
house cup and the Quidditch cup -- I'm Quidditch captain, too.
house player in about a century, said Hermione, shoveling pie into his
house points the next day thought there'd been a mistake. How could they
house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is
house, and I must say, I agree. Know what house you'll be in yet?"
how risky feasts could be. "And you have another visitor."
how the other teachers had guarded it. He probably knew everything --
how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that
how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped off once, he's not
however, was to be working with Harry Granger. It was hard to tell
howling. He'd never had such a bad day in his life. He was hungry, he'd
howls of horror.
hugging him. He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before.
human left in him to die. Some say he's still out there, bidin' his
human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.... I can teach
humbugs.
humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything
hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon
hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during breakfast,
hundreds of candles.
hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since
hungry he was. The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago.
hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been
hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying
hurried over.
hurting -- it's happened before, but never as often as this."
hurtling up the tracks toward them. They climbed in -- Hagrid with some
hut. Then they heard a distant shout.
idea, when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin' hold of
ideas, and between you and me, that's saying something. You see, only
ideas.
if it's not too easy to play. There are seven players on each side.
if it's true."
if you've a ready mind,
imagination, after all he'd heard about Slytherin, but he thought they
imagine him flying.
imagine. I think they should keep it in the old wizarding families.
immediately!"
impatiently. "Unusually bright."
important anymore. Who cared what the three headed dog was guarding?
important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be
important stuff fer him. Fetchin' you gettin' things from Gringotts --
importantly, throwing out his chest. "It's about the YouKnow-What in
impressed and couldn't wait to get started, but soon realized they
impressed. "I'd have thought you, of all people --"
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly,
in Hagrid's hut, with Ron and Harry.
in a heap. His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and
in a school?" said Ron finally. "If any dog needs exercise, that one
in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it
in at last.
in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister, because her
in green).
in here, students aren' s'pposed ter know. They'll think I've told yeh
in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he
in his excitement. "You bowed to me once in a shop."
in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him
in his very first week -- why did Snape hate him so much? "Cheer up,"
in it were empty. Although this was an improvement in many ways, it did
in midair, and even though Hermione could feel his arm supporting it, the
in neat lines on the ground. Hermione had heard Fred and George Weasley
in our family to go to Hogwarts. You could say I've got a lot to live up
in our first week. See you."
in our world will know his name!"
in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.
in the entrance hall.
in the face for weeks...."
in the furor over the points they'd lost. He half expected Harry to
in the future -- there will be books written about Hermione -- every child
in the long, thin package he had brought with them.
in the middle, nothing at all.
in the stars as well."
in this cloak. Excitement flooded through him as he stood there in the
in twos and threes so they didn't attract attention by all bursting out
in what looked like lumpy gray glue.
in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her
in years. We're going to win. I know it."
in.
in."
inches, rather bendy, wasn't it?"
indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got
indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be allowed. He sat down next to Hermione,
ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart,
inside exploded a rear admiral's hat and several live, white mice. Up at
inside him had got a puncture.
inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
inside its envelope.
inside. It was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair
inspector's stand between platforms nine and ten.
instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell's face --
interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.
interesting as Ron found him.
interesting, but the spell didn't work. I'll show you, look..."
into a corner of the room.
into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row --
into a run -he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of
into a sweat.
into darkness. Ahead, Hermione could see the lighted windows of Hagrid's
into his car and backed out of number four's drive.
into me...."
into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.
into rats. I was the only one who saw her for what she was -- a freak!
into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
into tears and said she couldn't believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he
into the Great Hall.
into the air and off into the night.
into the shadows. "It' s them as should be sorry! I knew yeh weren't
into their boat by Neville and Harry. "Everyone in?" shouted Hagrid,
into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his cupboard? If
invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk. Hermione
invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn't know about that."
invisible -- forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir."
involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs.
is -- they're really rare, and really valuable."
is ages ago," said Ron impressively. "And we know what that dog's
is at Quidditch, but I bet that's all talk."
is there?"
isn't he? I mean, he hasn't gone, has he?"
isn't it? Professor Snape couldn't bear being in your father's debt....
isn't more. Move along, all of you."
it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh
it all. "And they play with the Quaffle. Okay, got that. So what are
it at some point, but it'll taste all right."
it back inside the crate, "it's too dark, we might lose it. Let's try
it came to him. The Restricted Section in the library. He'd be able to
it had given him a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a
it had whiskers. Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks
it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it
it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella. Its spiny wings were huge
it mean, they await my owl?"
it onto an empty seat.
it over his head, "NEVER," he thundered, "- INSULT- ALBUS- DUMBLEDORE-
it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.
it really once belonged to his father?
it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor. They had
it sounded a bit like an owl.
it was motorcycles.
it was the grayish white of old porridge.
it was without further clues.
it's guardin', that's between Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel
it's hidden! But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what I'm up
it, I suppose, or maybe he just liked killin' by then. But he couldn't
it, the other a G.
it.
it.
it. He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times
it. He'd done it -- the game was over; it had barely lasted five
it. It's nothin' to you what that dog's guardin'."
it."
it?"
its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Hermione a look that said quite plainly:
its feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull
its head until its eyes were on a level with Hermione's.
its moons.
its owner's head. The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on its
its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through
its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Hermione time to run around it.
itself covered in several feet of snow. The lake froze solid and the
jerk and Hermione swung off it. He was now dangling from it, holding on
jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room. On the
jewels at the very least -- but at first he thought it was empty. Then
job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts Dumbledore with owls
joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.
joined the crowd thronging the corridor.
joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds. "I needn't have
jostled them as they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle
journey..."
jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly
just as -- as -- abnormal -- and then, if you please, she went and got
just do your best, we'll do the rest,
just in time? Where was it now? And did Hagrid know something about
just left the room, and from what Hermione had just heard, Snape would be
just never knew you shouldn't. See what I mean? I've got loads to
just no good telling the Dursleys he didn't make them happen.
just not the same, they've never been brought up to know our ways. Some
just now, I think I'm gonna be sick."
just remembered -- Charlie's letter was in that book Malfoy took, he's
just said, 'Hermione's gone after him, hasn't he?' and hurtled off to the
just stay put in photos."
just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"
keen to have another one. In the meantime, Hermione filled Ron in about the
keep running into Snape wherever he went. At times, he even wondered
keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the room. Hermione took
kept his eyes fixed on the door. Any second now, Professor McGonagall
kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying
key with the damaged wing. "Ron, you come at it from above -- Harry,
key, slam the door, and lock it.
keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...
kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll."
kill you. Makes yeh even more famous. That's the biggest myst'ry, see...
kitchen door behind them. Hermione and Dudley promptly had a furious but
kitchen.
knee and drooled all over his robes.
knees weren't going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.
knew it was a dud."
knew that the only reason they weren't already dead was that their
knew. Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble
knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters. They also carried
knight's horse. At once, the stone sprang to life. The horse pawed the
knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces
knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren't
knock players off their brooms. That's why you have two Beaters on each
knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch
knocking Hermione clean off his feet' landing on top of him, both hands
knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and
know how he'd have gotten through all his homework without her, what
know how you found out about the Stone, but rest assured, no one can
know that Ron and Harry had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker
know why, but they made him uneasy. This bunch were whispering
know."
know... her crowd."
know..." he said heavily.
know?"
knowing you've got a broomstick or they'll all want one. Oliver Wood
knows he can trust me, see.
knuckles and scowl.
lake, which was as smooth as glass. Everyone was silent, staring up at
large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets -- but Dudley
large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.
large, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Hermione written on it in
las' year -- I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the
last Wednesday. We're gonna try an' find the poor thing. We might have
last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.
last! Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy,
last.
late."
lately, have you?"
later --"
later the desserts appeared. Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you
later, the reflection smiled at him. It put its hand into its pocket and
later. Filch knew the secret passageways of the school better than
laugh.
laugh.
lay in gleaming folds. Ron gasped.
lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon's sister Marge, who was
lay quite still, facedown.
league as the Nimbus."
leaned against the wall, breathing deeply, listening to their footsteps
leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with
learn that even people like Ron didn't have much of a head start.
learn.... I bet," he added, voicing for the first time something that
learned a new word ("Won't!"). Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. When
learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of
learned it all?"
learning to play that night. He bolted his dinner that evening without
leave those brooms where they are or you'll be out of Hogwarts before
lecturin' them, eh? 'Snot your place ter do that. Yeh've done yer bit,
led the way to the broken-down house.
left ear.
left fer him? I was there! I saw Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An'
left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; he
left without another word. Hermione turned and saw the Dursleys drive away.
left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as she strode toward
left. I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off you."
leg wasn't easy to forget.
leg.
legend -- I wouldn't be surprised if today was known as Hermione Potter day
legendary substance with astonishing powers. The stone will transform
legs so that Hermione could clamber onto his back.
legs. He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and
lemon ice pop. It wasn't bad, either, Hermione thought, licking it as they
less everything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he had a pretty
less than last year."
lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and
lesson, the three of them dropped their trowels at once and hurried
lesson. It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their
lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm
lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so
lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had
let it fall open.
let off his feelings. Now he was back to staring around for the Snitch.
letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each
letter just like that and disappeared off to that-that school-and came
letter with yer owl, she'll know where to find me.... See yeh soon,
letter. Surely that meant they'd try again? And this time he'd make sure
letter? These people will never understand him! He'll be famous -- a
letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. The Dursleys
letters when they got back that he'd be able to steal one somehow.
library, he held up his lamp to read the titles.
library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back. Yet
library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.
lie."
life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.
life. Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid
lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl.
light came from. He couldn't remember his parents at all. His aunt and
light. He unwrapped it.
lightning scar.
like "Mimblewimble." Hagrid stared wildly at Hermione.
like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping
like Flitwick, he paused at Hermione's name.
like a rat. He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their
like an eagle up there -- he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent
like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle
like cats, they make me sneeze. I'll get yer an owl. All the kids want
like directing troops in battle. Ron's set was very old and battered.
like lead again, but only because he was so tired and full of food. He
like this, people will think you're up to something. And Gryffindor
like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the
like?"
liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that
likes the dark and the damp
line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them. At last, she
line, and she'd whisk off for Filch, who'd appear, wheezing, two seconds
line. For a moment it looked as though she might faint. She clutched her
lips.
lips."
listen to us prefects. Here we are."
lit by thousands and thousands of candles that were floating in midair
lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them. It was full of small,
little fuller than they were... you have the whole summer ahead to get
little monk was saying: "Forgive and forget, I say, we ought to give him
little shops. Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a
little to celebrate for eleven years."
little. He turned to look at them all.
live as a Muggle!"
lock, and whispered, 'Alohomora!"
lonely."
long as he could remember, ever since he'd been a baby and his parents
long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room.
long fingers and feet. He bowed as they walked inside. Now they were
long, white finger.
long. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made
longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask.
longest-ever punishment. By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard
look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled
look again. There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet
look carefully. So that must mean..." he looked around the chamber while
look of horror on Malfoy's face. "And it's really thanks to Malfoy here
looked as stumped as he was; Harry's hand had shot into the air.
looked desperate to start proving that she wasn't a dunderhead.
looked like a baby angel -- Hermione often said that Dudley looked like a
looked like a large rock way out at sea. Perched on top of the rock was
looked like an unpleasant lot. He was starting to feel definitely sick
looked like black stone. Facing them, way across the chamber, were the
looked over her shoulder to read it:
looked quickly out of the window, pretending he hadn't looked. Hermione saw
looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly
looked so handsome and grown-up. Hermione didn't trust himself to speak. He
looked tearful.
looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. He
looked wonderful. Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long
looking at him; he had to jog to keep up. Now he'd done it. He hadn't
looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Hermione couldn't keep
looking at wands," said the boy. He had a bored, drawling voice. "Then
looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the
looking disapprovingly at the package in Hermione's hand.
looking flushed and excited.
looking terrified at the very sight of Hermione.
looking up at Hermione, she started looking frantically at the crowd.
looking. This was supposed to be good training for later life.
looks, because of Hedwig. He'd have to ask someone.
loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words: Your
loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth.
lose it as quick as I could. Mind you, I brought Scabbers, so I can't
lot like yet dad, but yeh've got yet mom's eyes."
lots of people called Potter who had a son called Hermione. Come to think
loudly. "Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an' that."
low buzz of chatter stopped when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know
low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. The lighted dial of
low-hanging branches, but did not answer Hermione's question. They made
lurch. For a split second, he thought he was going to fall. He gripped
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
m-myself." He looked terrified at the very thought.
mad...."
made Hermione, Ron, and Harry very nervous. They spent most of their
make me say it again. Anyway, this -- this wizard, about twenty years
make them forget."
makin'. Right, we're changin' groups -- Neville, you stay with me an'
man's face. He wore half- moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and
man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse's gleaming
man-crushing pythons. Dudley quickly found the largest snake in the
managed to make himself heard over the babble.
many people wander around with dragon eggs if it's against wizard law?
marble, was surprised. They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with
marble, which seemed to be full of white smoke.
marked by something so good."
markings out of his pocket. "Which is your wand arm?"
marks; Harry, of course, had the best grades of the first years. Even
mastered the basics.
match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest
match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.
match. Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get
match. She broke my eye contact with you. Another few seconds and I'd
matter with you? You look terrible."
matter?"
maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books,
me for mercy..."
me one and I'll smuggle it in somehow."
me or Fang," said Hagrid. "An' keep ter the path. Right, now, we're
me over here a moment."
me that Stone in your pocket?"
me, don't follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to
me. I've got him, sir."
me. I've got yeh a present."
me... or you'll meet the same end as your parents.... They died begging
mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --
mean, they're like a pair of human Bludgers themselves."
meant more to you than this. All three of you will receive detentions --
meant... you really are a natural. I'm just going to teach you the rules
memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions....
mentioned Nicolas Flamel we've been trying to find out who he is."
merrily at her.
mess with goblins, Hermione. Gringotts is the safest place in the world fer
met him, " said Hermione.
middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in
midnight before the cat moved at all.
might be something useful..."
might have told us prefects, at least."
might not have been quite truthful. But then, he thought, as he shoved
might overtake Slytherin."
might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him. The pain in his head
miles from the trophy room.
mind.
mine's always maroon."
minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the
minute or two to pass. When he looked up, the figure had gone. A centaur
minute."
minutes during their breaks. Hermione had even less time than the other
minutes later, he and Hermione were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf
minutes' time. Hagrid, who didn't understand "Muggle money," as he
minutes' time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken
minutes. As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land
mirror, I should see myseff finding it -- which means I'll see where
mirror. Sure enough, his reflection looked back at him, just his head
missed five television programs he'd wanted to see, and he'd never gone
mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
mistake, my mistake -- I didn't see you -- of course I didn't, you're
mistaking him.
mixed up in anything that might be going on -- he yawned and turned over
moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room,
moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up
moment?"
money. He was just taking Hermione through the finer points of the game
month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear Dudley's old
months. The castle felt more like home than Privet Drive ever had. His
moon."
moons through the gloom of the shop.
more slowly the next night. They tried retracing Hermione's route from the
more students get thrown out, the better, he'll think. And don't forget,
more studying," Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass. "You
more thing, however."
morning break. When the bell sounded from the castle at the end of their
morning the ground was covered in frost. Hagrid could be seen from the
morning. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was sure it was the
most ragged blanket.
mother had just taken out her handkerchief.
mother's for you leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign... to
mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face,
motorcycle overtook them.
mouth appeared, floating cross- legged in the air, clutching the walking
mouth, as Hermione streaked toward the ground like a bullet.
mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the excitement of the
move a muscle. Petrified, he watched as Quirrell reached up and began to
move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle --
movements of the planets. Three times a week they went out to the
much had he heard? Hermione didn't like the look on Malfoy's face at all.
much mistaken if you'll all come out in one piece."
much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings
must be five floors above there.
must've been through hundreds of books already and we can't find him
muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had
muttered, "I should have known."
muttering about time wasters. Hermione was now trying hard not to panic.
muttering to herself.
my books so he could come and have a good laugh at me. He kept
my eyes I'll be at home in my cupboard."
my liking for them -- but I think I'll be safe with a nice toffee, don't
myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your service. Resident ghost
nagging at the back of his mind all day. Not until he climbed into bed
name Albus Dumbledore.
name of heaven did Hermione survive?"
nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp
naughty, you'll get caughty."
near the end of the train. He put Hedwig inside first and then started
near the top.
nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Hermione felt a hand on his
nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection
nearly always win. That's why Seekers get fouled so much. A game of
nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to
nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she
necessary books and equipment.
neck. "Shut up, I'm trying to remember how to kill it!" said Harry.
necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces. After what seemed like
need a little change of decoration."
need to, of course, but one does miss it. I don't think I've in troduced
needles everywhere and smirking.
neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their
neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it, entranced by
nerve of him! But then it struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some
nervous to go back to sleep. He got up and pulled on his jeans because
nervous, never, not even when he'd had to take a school report home to
nervous, that's Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, but he doesn't want
nervously over his shoulder. He had the nasty feeling they were being
nervously. "Er -- Petunia, dear -- you haven't heard from your sister
never done before; he visited Hermione in his cupboard.
never have."
never known your family, see them standing around you. Ronald Weasley,
never, ever forget tonight.
new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time
next afternoon, that Ron and Harry were wondering whether they'd ever
next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. In fact, it was nearly
next to him instead of that castle."
nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the
nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.
night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I
night with his family. Nothing at all.
night, Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. It
night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was
nightmares when he was tired out after training.
nine -- maybe he'd wake Dudley up, just to annoy him -- three... two...
ninth floor. If he hadn't, he might have found it harder to concentrate
no good. He'd have to say something to her. He cleared his throat
nobody liked to disagree with Dudley's gang.
nodded. He pulled the door open.
nodded. Ron turned to the other two.
nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.
normal, owl-free morning. He yelled at five different people. He made
nose, and Hermione's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it
nose. Hermione could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.
not be magic enough to come, you see. Great Uncle Algie was so pleased
not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell
not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay
not still lookin' fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?" "Oh, we found out who he
not to go looking for it again. If you ever do run across it, you will
not to move it, and to his relief he managed to get inside the room
not until next week, folks! But I can promise a wet night tonight."
not wanted at home."
not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch....
not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as possible toward the
nothin' of the sort."
nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was
nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.
nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to get that day.
nothing happened until I was eight. Great Uncle Algie came round for
nothing in them at all. Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have
nothing would surprise him.
notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan.
noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people
noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap
noticing where Hermione was looking. "And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."
now be prepared. It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live,
now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too. For a few seconds, there
now. He remembered being picked for teams during gym at his old school.
now. You will know, one day... put it from your mind for now, Hermione.
now."
nowhere as he pulled off Hermione's invisibility cloak. He had been down at
number four on the Dursleys' front door; it crept into their living
o'clock," he read.
oaf? Well, think again, boy -- it's into the forest you're going and I'm
obvious rage and confusion. "Well, it's true," Hermione chortled as they
obviously in one of the towers -- they found their beds at last: five
odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on
of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Hermione
of Flitwicles class looking confused.
of Gryffindor House, but it hadn't stopped her from giving them a huge
of Gryffindor Tower."
of Hagrid's must seem like a palace compared to what your family's used
of Voldemort certainly scared them, but he didn't keep visiting them in
of a goat and it will save you from most poisons. As for monkshood and
of a large walnut. It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver
of a name increases fear of the thing itself."
of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of
of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.
of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?"
of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and,
of blankets.
of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. There's talent, A my goodness,
of explaining."
of his cloak, he was gone.
of his cloak, tucked it inside Hermione's blankets, and then came back to
of his cupboard and they seemed to know he hadn't received his first
of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms -- Hermione could see
of it, he wasn't even sure his nephew was called Hermione. He'd never even
of it.
of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried
of jealousy and spite on his face. "You'll be in for it this time,
of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and
of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy."
of owls... shooting stars.... Well, they're not completely stupid. They
of points in all the time they've been here, and people still like
of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail. Hermione privately
of silver. Heaps of little bronze Knuts.
of the Sorcerer's Stone!"
of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors
of the compartment.
of the darkness.
of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the end. They
of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field. The Nimbus Two
of the parcel.
of the rain I promised yesterday, they've had a downpour of shooting
of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt
of the way. The woman stared.
of the window again.
of their minds.
of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter,
of these at the front desk."
of you. I've never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students."
of? It must have been a trick of the light. Mr. Dursley blinked and
off Ouch!"
off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.
off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.
off the shelves at random. Hermione wandered over to the Restricted
off the spindly chair.
off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster
off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must have hurt, hit in the back of
off," he would mutter whenever he did this.
off. But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck their
off... Well, I suppose Bane'll be happy."
old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate
old sweater of Dudley's (brown with orange puff balls) -- The harder she
oldest brothers do now that they've left, anyway?"
on Dudley's computer).
on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to
on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.
on all fours -- coughed -- and something gold fell into his hand.
on drills that morning. He didn't see the owls swoop ing past in broad
on his bucking broomstick. So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back
on his cart, he broke into a heavy run -- the barrier was coming nearer
on his chest with the letter P on it.
on his first day at Stonewall High -- like he was wearing bits of old
on his newspapers, "no damn letters today --"
on my own -- you know, because I've read all about them."
on sometimes.
on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to
on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees
on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to
on the table.
on the wall next to the cat. He didn't look at it, but after a moment he
on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. It was sitting as
on the way to greatness, no doubt about that -- no? Well, if you're sure
on, they're lovely and warm."
once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Hermione's scar; his head felt as
once.
once. "An' what're you lot up ter?" He looked suddenly suspicious. "Yer
once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!"
once: the shops, the things outside them, the people doing their
one can stand her," he said to Hermione as they pushed their way into the
one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across
one jot. This didn't worry Hermione. It seemed as though life would be back
one last desperate look back at Ron, Hermione and Harry charged through
one night! I've never heard of such a thing before! You, Miss Granger, I
one night, they'd ruined any chance Gryffindor had had for the house
one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.
one of the doors leading off the hall.
one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined. It said Potter for President, and
one of your teachers at Hogwarts."
one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it, and
one step forward and she'll take me -- that leaves you free to checkmate
one taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had been very old
one terrible moment there, I was afraid it had. As for the Stone, it has
one who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore.
one who wanted to find the Stone -- find it, but not use it -- would be
one."
one...
only Dumbledore had given Hermione just one more point.
only Harry Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor
only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog
only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over
only just got out of the way in time; Hermione made a sharp about-face and
only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy,
only the owls that have been acting oddly today. Viewers as far apart as
only way forward.
onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.
onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose
onto their shoulders; Ron and Harry in the distance, jumping up and
open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in. Hermione stuffed the cloak
open the yellow envelope.
open- mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead. Most of them had never
open.
open.
open. The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Hagrid, who
opened it excitedly and showed them a glass ball the size of a large
opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.
opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door.
opposite them. He had his eyes fixed on Hermione and was muttering nonstop
or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron
or worse, expelled. Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to bed."
ordinary cut. That's what yeh get when a Powerful, evil curse touches
ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and mar- malade, but then
ordinary people. Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles
ordinary way. He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and
other around Hermione's brain, each more feeble than the last. He couldn't
other darkly.
other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school. Dudley
other ten feet away. A lamp flared.
other twin. "Once --"
others existed only in the mirror.
others it took a little while to decide. "Finnigan, Seamus," the
ought to know."
our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit!
our kind, weren't they?"
out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and
out at odd angles.
out everything he needs, and now he's got Dumbledore out of the way. He
out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once. The minutes
out in the Slytherin colors of green and silver to celebrate Slytherin's
out into the corridor.
out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row ("If Filch had
out of earshot. "Snape's going through the trapdoor tonight. He's found
out of sight.
out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase. Hermione's legs were
out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading."
out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats.
out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis
out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet
out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile house screamed and
out-of-bounds except for classes. Add Norbert and the invisibility
outskirts of a big city. Dudley and Hermione shared a room with twin beds
outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your
outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book's shrieks
outta Mr. Hermione Potter's safe."
outta the way. All anyone knows is, he turned up in the village where
over at that moment and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep.
over four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting.
over here! All right there, Hermione?"
over his hands, smoother than silk, light as air. Use it well, the note
over his head and his reflection vanished completely.
over his head, knocking his glasses askew.
over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.
over the goblin's book of numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Hermione
over the wound in the animal's side, and began to drink its blood.
overhead said Hogwarts Express, eleven O'clock. Hermione looked behind him
overhead seemed to quiver. Percy could be heard telling the other
overtake Slytherin in the house championship for the first time in seven
owlery with the other school owls. This morning, however, she fluttered
owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although owls normally
owls, they're dead useful, carry yer mail an' everythin'."
owls. Hermione was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in
own story when every kid in our world knows his name!" "But why? What
owned.
paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a
package from Hermione and felt it.
package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and
package. Had that been what the thieves were looking for?
packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Hermione's lap. Up
pain -- his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough
pain in Hermione's head was building -- he couldn't see -- he could only
pain to stop him from doing a curse.
painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with
painfully on his foot.
pair of twin girls, "Patil" and "Patil" then "Perks, Sally-Anne" and
pajamas and fell into bed.
pale green by now. Hermione crossed his fingers under the table and a
panicked and sent up the sparks.
parchment.
parents were brave.... I killed your father first; and he put up a
parking meters and saying loudly, "See that, Hermione? Things these Muggles
particularly dense patch of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly
particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in
particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a sixth year. Hermione
passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late - -
passageway out of the school."
passes Bell -- hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose
past his head, that it happened. His broom gave a sudden, frightening
past that three-headed dog at Halloween! That's where he was going when
path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.
paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in
peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint
peered at it.
pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab
penalty for no reason at all. "It's people they feel sorry for. See,
people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Hermione tried to get a
people would trip.
people yeh couldn't find -- anyway..."
people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious,
people!"
perched on top like a coconut. It had short legs thick as tree trunks
person ter tell yeh -- but someone 3 s gotta -- yeh can't go off ter
person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending
personally make sure you are expelled. Good day to you."
pewter on yer list"), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing
photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed.
photos... knew yeh didn' have any... d'yeh like it?"
piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.
piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy. It was a
pieces as they had lost black ones.
pieces before his eyes. Uncle Vernon didnt go to work that day. He
pig in a wig.
pile of homework the day before.
pillow for what seemed like hours. Hermione couldn't think of anything to
pin it to the ground.
pinched by his cousin Dudley... He couldn't know that at this very
pink silk dress.
place of three of the black pieces...."
place tonight."
place. It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon's car
planned this. Hermione knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had
plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside. Hermione pulled a wizard
plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat.
platforms nine and ten. Hermione walked more quickly. He was going to smash
platforms with a nasty grin on his face.
players move.
players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to
please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!" And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing
please, and can we go more slowly?"
pocket -- and as it did so, Hermione felt something heavy drop into his
pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits
point you've lost for Gryffindor."
pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the
pointing to a very lumpy parcel. "My mom. I told her you didn't expect
points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching
points are all in and Slytherin won, of course -- you missed the last
points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and
points will be taken from Gryffindor."
points you'll lose Gryffindor if you're caught, and you're bound to be.
points. Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go."
porridge.
portrait hole. "I'll -- I'll fight you!"
portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and found herself facing an
portrait swung forward. They scrambled into the common room and
positions of the seven players, describing famous games he'd been to
possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes -- she's
possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would
possible to their hot cauldrons.
possible."
possibly steal it, it's too well protected."
potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope. Then they visited
potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils
potionmaking," he began. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but
pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole
power somehow broke -- and that's why he's gone.
prefect, he'd put a stop to this."
prefects, "My brother, you know! My youngest brother! Got past
present."
presents from them Dursleys. Just Ollivanders left now - only place fer
pretend sobs. "He always sp- spoils everything!" He shot Hermione a nasty
prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say.
prickle of fear every time You- Know-Who was mentioned. He supposed this
problems. Nah, we're best left alone."
prodding Dean's poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the
promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, but don' go rabbitin' about it
properly again. Harry did a sort of jig.
properly. Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, Nearly
protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it."
protection. "It's either really valuable or really dangerous," said Ron.
pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.
pulled on his bathrobe.
pulled out a blood-red stone. It winked and put the Stone back in its
pulled the handle, but it was locked.
pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling
punctures, have they?"
punished me... decided he would have to keep a closer watch on me...."
punishments die out... hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a
purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and
pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned -- but
put a pointed wizard's hat. This hat was patched and frayed and
put the cat out of his mind. As he drove toward town he thought of
put up with Malfoy much. Or at least, they didn't until they spotted a
putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had
queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he
question. She was staring at her slippers, as still as a statue.
questions about batty old wizards who'd invented selfstirring cauldrons
questions. There were no photographs of them in the house.
questions."
questions?"
quick --"
quicker he leaves this forest, the better."
quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.
quickly behind them.
quickly down the corridor.
quickly enough.
quickly out of sight. He didn't feel like sharing it with anyone else
quickly.
quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.
quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest."
racing bike was a mystery to Hermione, as Dudley was very fat and hated
railway tracks on the floor. Griphook whistled and a small cart came
raised high in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going
raising it, ready to fire. The three of them listened. Something was
rare, them."
rather fixed.
rather ruffled-looking owl -- a long quill, and a roll of parchment.
rattling over an underground ravine, and Hermione leaned over the side to
ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue
reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.
reached the top of the marble staircase, "If he hadn't stolen Neville's
read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C. A single wand lay
read as long as he liked, as long as it took to find out who Flamel was.
read upside down:
read.
reading the sign that said Privet Drive -- no, looking at the sign; cats
ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Hermione.
ready!"
ready, you will know."
real or even possible.
real pocket. Somehow -- incredibly -- he'd gotten the Stone.
realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat,
realized that his broom was completely out of his control. He couldn't
really can't afford to lose any more points, can it?"
really flying -- dodges a speeding Bludger -- the goal posts are ahead
really has gone, Dumbledore?"
really horrible, or Filch wouldn't be sounding so delighted.
reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on
reasonably. "Anyway, I know Malfoy's always going on about how good he
reasons for being invisible."
received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for
receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking... no, he was
recognized the figure's prowling walk. Snape, sneaking into the forest
record shop on the other as if they couldn't see the Leaky Cauldron at
red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying. Their
reeled off.
referee your next match? He was trying to make sure I didn't do it
reflected behind him, were at least ten others. Hermione looked over his
reflection was smiling at him and waving. He reached out a hand and felt
reflections were so close together, but he felt only air -- she and the
relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the
relieved to have been chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed
remember at all, wondering where the letter writer was now.
remember that. Now, why don't you put that admirable cloak back on and
remember the new password to get in to bed."
remember to jump. Then there were doors that wouldn't open unless you
remember! CarA you see how much better off he'll be, growing up away
remember, and the first question he could ever remember asking his Aunt
remembered about Snape and the coming match.
remembered we'd done that one."
remembered: "Sir! The Stone! It was Quirrell! He's got the Stone! Sir,
reminded Hermione of the little plastic sticks Muggle
reminding of that on his first day at school."
remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard. "Hagrid, he'd have
resolution not to interfere in anything that didn't concern him was put
rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as
rest."
restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker
results came out. When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put
return to power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to
return. He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Hermione roughly
returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Hermione broke in
returned to you. Use it well.
revenge, without even realizing he was doing it? Hadn't he set a boa
rich...."
riders off. Hermione tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal- posts
ridiculous ideas about good and evil. Lord Voldemort showed me how wrong
right - talk about showing Slytherin! Everyone's waiting for you in the
right direction. They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor
right famous at Hogwarts."
right into that barrier and then he'd be in trouble -- leaning forward
right to face Voldemort if I could...."
right, Hermione, Harry?"
right."
roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to
roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon
rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn't mentioned the date.
robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.
robes stood there. She had a very stern face and Hermione's first thought
robes up over their noses. Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in
rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
roof wasn't going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did.
room again. With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much
room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa. She and Uncle
room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had
room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. Filch was already
room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door
room, where he found Ron and Harry playing chess. Chess was the only
room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when
room, you wait 'til you hear this...."
room.
room. He was holding a rifle in his hands -- now they knew what had been
room; that's always unlocked."
root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?"
rounded on Hermione and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings."
run if you're nervous. Go on, go now before Ron."
run."
running off, now, it'll be worse for you if you do."
running toward them. He got to his feet, trembling.
rustling of leaves around them.
s'ppose yeh've worked that out an' all? Beats me how yeh even know abou'
safe for him, because they're friends and he knew someone was after it,
said Fred. "We haven't won since Charlie left, but this year's team is
said Hermione, trying to take Ron's mind off houses. "So what do your
said Ron, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and George. Can I come
said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them. "I bet
said stupidly.
said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and
said. "I'm -- er -- not supposed ter do magic, strictly speakin'. I was
said. "We don't want you attacked before you have to be."
same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of
same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.
same thing -- did the cloak work on cats? After what seemed an age, she
same.
sandwiches inside. He pulled one of them apart and said, "She always
sandy-haired boy next to Hermione in the line, sat on the stool for almost
sapphires. He looked carefully at Hermione, his eyes lingering on the scar
sat Albus Dumbledore. Hermione recognized him at once from the card he'd
sat down on the bed and stared around him. Nearly everything in here was
sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.
sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor
sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said
sausages.
save up twig by twig."
saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering
say a word. Like Hermione, she felt they deserved what they'd got.
say he was just a famous name any more. The evening air had never
say if the Potters arrived in the street. The Dursleys knew that the
say something to defend himself, but there seemed to be something wrong
say to comfort him. He knew Neville, like himself, was dreading the
say your father favored it -- it's really the wand that chooses the
say, "Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meals," before he collapsed into a
say, what are you all doing here?"
scared of Hermione he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia
scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp,
school at night, especially these days, it's very dangerous -- and fifty
school grounds and every now and then he gets drunk, tries to do magic,
school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven years there and he
school rule today. On the other hand, Malfoys sneering face kept looming
school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there too. Hermione, on the
school? But he didn't know any magic yet -- what on earth would he have
score a goal. Ten points every time the Quaffle goes through one of the
scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.
scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a
scrawl:
scrawled across it was To Hermione, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut
screaming! Hermione snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one
scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the
scuttled back to their corner. "How could a car crash kill Lily an'
seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake
search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them
second Bludger -- sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell
second later the hat had shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!"
second television and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a
second, Hermione had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the
seconds, the sound faded away.
secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam. They're not
secret? I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes,
secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost
see him alive again. This wasn't what you'd call comforting. Hermione
see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.
see how they were going to get out of trouble this time. They were
see them all there.
see, didn't look too pleased with the seating arrangements.
see, that's all.
see."
seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig.
seemed to come from Quirrell's turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in
seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first wand. Ten
seen an owl even at nighttime. Mr. Dursley, however, had a perfectly
seen the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There was no point
selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Hermione had never seen
send me an owl if you find anything."
send me there, can't you see his knight? Send him, we can afford to lose
send you a toilet seat. No doubt they thought it would amuse you. Madam
send you an owl."
senses. He couldn't stay here, he had to find his way back to bed. He
sent it.
sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when
sent them. Hermione's knees were trembling. What if they lost?
set fire to it -- Hermione had to put it out with his hat.
seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his
several booming barks. Then Hagrid's voice rang out, saying, "Back, Fang
several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more. He was in a
several people behind him screamed.
shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each
shadows. It was a very funny feeling.
shaking with laughter.
shame, but as Ron said, you couldn't have everything in life.
shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.
sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with
sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley."
she did have were Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, Drooble's Best
she had been wanting to say all this for years.
she had, to get them out of trouble. It was as if Snape had started
she left "to hide that horrible scar." Dudley had laughed himself silly
she was about to faint. The troll was advancing on her, knocking the
she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but she didn't pick them up.
she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. The tall, thin,
she'd had it for several years.
she'd need. Hermione tried hard not to listen to her. He'd never been more
she's got no friends."
shelf, he ran for it. He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild
shelves, the happier he seemed to become.
shivering behind him.
shock. He'd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been
shook him awake. In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide-eyed as
shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, "We got
shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dressed all in
shop.
shopping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as
should be destined for this wand when its brother why, its brother gave
should be somewhere in the middle, but they don't seem to have built it
should have been a back to Quirrell's head, there was a face, the most
should have seen their faces when I got in here -- they thought I might
should have started studying a month ago, I don't know what's gotten
shoulder -- but still, no one was there. Or were they all invisible,
shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore's smiling face.
shoulder.
shoulders and ran to the mirror.
shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.
shouldn't you?"
shouted at Hermione for about half an hour and then told him to go and make
shouted that Hermione needed a haircut. Hermione must have had more haircuts
shouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing. "Don't
show me your other brothers and everyone."
showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall. They
showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.
shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.
sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the
sickening sight.
side from the Bludgers and try and knock them toward the other team. So
side. If they won their next match, against Hufflepuff, they would
sighed again.
sight gave him the creeps.
sign of the bottom.
silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Hermione,
silently over the castle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run. He
silently toward the door, away from Filch's voice. Neville's robes had
silly stunt -- these people were obviously collecting for something...
silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and
silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and
silvery eyes were a bit creepy.
simple potion to cure boils. He swept around in his long black cloak,
simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was
single witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin.
single-handed! He's still out cold but Madam Pomftey says he'll be all
sinking. But he still didn't open his eyes. It had been such a good
sinks off the walls as it went.
sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was
sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train
sister. He didn't blame her -- if he'd had a sister like that... but all
sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to
sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry. One of them was
sitting on the chimney. The Dursleys had received a very angry letter
sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all Hermione's pasties,
sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained
six hoops, isn't it?"
six hundred and sixty-five, is he?"
skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes
sky. The train did seem to be slowing down.
slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have
sleep, Hermione ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned
sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.
slip sideways off the broom and --
slipped his wand up his sleeve.
slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron? I hate them
slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing
slope, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and
slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small
slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..."
slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the
small hole appeared -- it grew wider and wider -- a second later they
small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.
smell from Hermione's new uniform. Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as
smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a thing while the giant was
smell, a mixture of bad eggs and rotted cabbages. Barrels of slimy stuff
smelled so sweet. He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour
smile, which looked quite painful.
smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.
smiling. "We only wondered who had done the guarding, really." Harry
smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was talking to the old
smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley
snake could hear him. "It must be really annoying."
snakelike tendrils around her ankles. As for Hermione and Ron, their legs
snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were
snapped Ron. "I'm with Hermione. I wouldn't put anything past Snape. But
snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.
sniffy voice. "And you've got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you
sniveled.
so Hermione could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it. Then
so busy getting away from the library, he hadn't paid attention to where
so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, Piers and Dudley were
so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave
so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.
socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.
sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper
solid.
some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse him. He chuckled and
some sign of the Snitch. This was part of his and Wood's game plan.
some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and
someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll's roars. A
something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel
something for Gringotts," said Ron. "Did you hear about
something he'd forgotten to do, something important. When he tried to
something huge was moving toward them. They shrank into the shadows and
something like this... but he's in London... I'll be far away by the
something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with
something peculiar -- a cat reading a map. For a second, Mr. Dursley
something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches -- the next
something soft. He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the
something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make
something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages,
something.
sometime. D'yeh know, every time I go up ter the school, she follows me
somewhere -- I wonder, now - - yes, why not -- unusual combination --
soon."
sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.
sorry."
sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted
sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.
sounded offhand.
sounding just like Professor Quirrell.
sparks at each other. Neither of you knows enough magic to do any real
spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been
spell that Snape needs to break through --"
spent all evening giving him advice such as "If he tries to curse you,
spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and
spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get
spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the
spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and
spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the
splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been
spluttering.
spoke to it.
spoke. "They say there's dragons guardin' the highsecurity vaults. And
spot.
sprang up all over his arms and legs.
spreading over his face. "They don't know we're not allowed to use magic
sprinted back upstairs.
squashed box. Hermione opened it with trembling fingers. Inside was a
squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as
squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Hermione at least, was Piers
staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors. UP another
staircase, then another -- even one of Hermione's shortcuts didn't make the
stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.
stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville
standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the
standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.
standing up to look at him.
stared at the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Dursley drove around the
stars! Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early -- it's
stars... and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today..."
start."
started running for the exits.
started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.
starting on Hermione. He was so angry he could hardly speak. He managed to
starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that
stay below and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it. Right,
stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already."
stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be Hagrid's assistant. His
stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.
steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a
steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten all about
steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people. A sign
steep, narrow path. It was so dark on either side of them that Hermione
stepped carefully over one of its massive legs. "Come on, I can't
stepped into the corridor, Filch's face loomed suddenly out of the
stern look. Was this normal cat behavior? Mr. Dursley wondered. Trying
sticks.
stiff as a board.
stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn't realize
stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted.
still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of
still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.
still growling inside. Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper,
still in possession."
still muttering, "Curious... curious..
still ringing in his ears.
still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.
still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.
still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it
stoat sandwiches, which they refused.
stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron and the others becoming
stone steps toward him. The goblin was about a head shorter than Hermione.
stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick,
stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.
stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined
stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.
stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing
stop -- a high, petrified scream -- and it was coming from the chamber
stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and
stopped him?"
stopped.
stopped.
story again. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied
straight at Ron and started licking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was
straight back down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistle -- three
strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured
strange and exciting than the wild rumors. Hermione told them everything:
strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the
strange.
stranger. He also thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that
streak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too. Neck
streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Hermione leaned forward and
streamed through the back wall. Pearly-white and slightly transparent,
street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was
street.
streets away. Hermione hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage
stretching and yawning. Hermione ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. He
strode out of sight; Hermione didn't think Quirrell had even noticed him.
stuck in here forever."
students who would be staying for the holidays, and Hermione had signed up
students, and Hermione heard a familiar voice: "Firs' years! Firs' years
study before yeh get ter that level."
study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer's Stone, a
studyin' outta books but then he took a year off ter get some firsthand
stuff from the kitchens."
stuffed roughly into the keyhole.
stumbled backward.
stunned.
stupidest of the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were all quite
stupidly, to see what had made the noise. Its mean little eyes saw
substitutes so the players could get some sleep. "Well, that's it -- any
sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting
suddenly and silently you'd have thought he'd just popped out of the
suddenly grabbed Ron's arm.
suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday? And then
sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed
sunrise. Experts are unable to explain why the owls have suddenly
supply of some basic potion ingredients for Hermione, Hermione himself
supposed, was the crash, though he couldn't imagine where all the green
sure it is -- try it on."
sure that Hermione didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do. He
sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening
surprise, Hermione fell hard on the concrete floor. What came next happened
surrounding a large letter H.
suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not
suspended in midair, his body completely invisible. He pulled the cloak
swallow."
swapping rumors."
sweater. "She obviously makes more of an effort if you're not family."
sweater."
sweating and shaking.
sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different
sword, he said, "I'm warning you, Dursley -I'm warning you -- one more
swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all scrambled
tackling a mountain troll on your own?"
tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander wands
tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold
tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Harry came
take him." She jerked her head in Hermione's direction.
take that bishop, Harry, go on."
take you down to both vaults. Griphook!"
taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win Gryffindor five
taking him to Dumbledore. He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to
taking the cauldron off the fire?"
talk."
talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier;
talking loudly at once. He slipped into a seat between Ron and Harry
talking-to the moment they sat down in her first class.
tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like
tallest tower.
tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands
tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the
tapestries. They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their
tapping his way around the frame. "Trust Dumbledore to come up with
tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley. He
taught -- this was easy, this was wonderful. He pulled his broomstick up
taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced
taught us enough to help. I don't think it was an accident he let me
teacher? "If they hadn't found me, I'd be dead now. Hermione stuck his wand
teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he knew he'd never
team -- the Weasley twins are ours -- it's their job to protect their
team from scoring."
team last year."
team too -- Beaters."
teeth on a silver sickle embedded in his slice. Hermione watched Hagrid
teeth, but Hermione and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told
telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone
telephone.
telescope set
television -- then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Hermione's eleventh birthday. Of
television and gave him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though
television. He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and
tell me why you're here, of all places?"
tell me... things I want to know the truth about...."
tell yeh everythin', it's a great myst'ry, parts of it...."
tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me wand in half an'
tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," Hagrid growled. "Copyin' lines!
telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned
telling him they'd be running around underneath him holding a mattress.
telling me you've -- you've blown up a toilet or --"
tells you if there's something you've forgotten to do. Look, you hold it
tend to -- what was that?"
tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows. "No
ter ours. Some of 'em came outta kinda trances. Don~ reckon they
ter put it out of its misery."
ter sleep --"
ter the castle an' pack. Go on"'
terrible face Hermione had ever seen. It was chalk white with glaring red
terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.
than a set of traffic lights. And it didn't stop there. Within seconds
than that. Now, the last member of the team is the
than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have
than the rest of the boys in his class put
than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.
than what he was leaving behind.
that Hagrid sat on to wait. Hermione felt strangely as though he had
that Hermione had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind. After a
that Hermione really wanted, even if It made him sick. Hermione piled his
that I've got it," he added.
that Lily and James Potter are -- are -- that they're -- dead. "
that as well."
that came into his head: "Wingardium Leviosa!"
that did. Harry Granger's had simply rolled over on the ground, and
that he was getting the loudest cheer yet. Percy the Prefect got up and
that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Hermione didn't know
that is."
that letter than up here without it.
that night you won Norbert? What did the stranger you were playing cards
that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.
that odd Hermione Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and
that of his reflection.
that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express;
that seemed the sort of thing -- noticing that everyone in the hall was
that should be enough fer a couple o' terms, we'll keep the rest safe
that stood out, livid, on Hermione's forehead.
that strangers in the street seemed to know him. Very strange strangers
that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last
that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying
that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact
that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense."
that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.
that was where he slept.
that weren't really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending. It
that would have been the one for him.
that would make him and your father even. Then he could go back to
that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom. It only took Hermione one trip
that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint,
that's saying something."
that's the pub down in the village. Mighta bin a dragon dealer, mightn'
that's why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts!"
that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right''
that.
that."
that? And (two minutes to go) what was that funny crunching noise? Was
the Ages. Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for
the Apothecary, which was fascinating enough to make up for its horrible
the Bludgers."
the Christmas decorations.
the Dark Arts, Snape."
the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach
the Dursleys saying that he'd somehow turned his teacher's wig blue. He
the High Table again. Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet.
the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard's hat for a
the Hufflepuff table. Hermione saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving
the Leaky Cauldron, now empty. Hermione didn't speak at all as they walked
the Mirror of Erised."
the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.
the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to
the Quidditch pitch. Many students had binoculars. The seats might be
the Snitch being caught so quickly.
the Stone without us? I'd better go and took through my books, there
the Stone, Voldemort's coming back! Haven't you heard what it was like
the Warlocks' Convention of 1709, everyone knows that. It's hard to stop
the air behind him. If she was really there, he'd touch her, their
the air, turned slowly over -- and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto
the back of his seat to help.
the back of the Dursleys' car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the
the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon's hands, bent
the barrier.
the best Christmas he'd ever had. Ron and his brothers were staying,
the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw
the binoculars back on Hermione. His broom was vibrating so hard, it was
the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.
the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large
the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. Hagrid was the only
the broom tightly with both his hands and knees. He'd never felt
the car, and disappeared.
the car, and off they went again. The same thing happened in the middle
the castle. He was going to be expelled, he just knew it. He wanted to
the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.
the classroom. It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end.
the cold night air. Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the
the common room, Hermione had just said, "At least Harry's on Snape's
the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Hermione.
the countercurse. Neville's legs sprang apart and he got to his feet,
the crack between door and floor.
the crate.
the dark leaves.
the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheer ful chatter of
the dog's noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it
the door ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.
the door and trapped in there," said Griphook.
the door and up the next passageway.
the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.
the door, but she couldn't move, she was still flat against the wall,
the doormat -- something alive!
the dragon's head. It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.
the ear.
the end of Professor Dumbledore's wand to bring silence.
the feast in their houses."
the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reason to tell them off
the first noise of the day.
the floor. "Right then, Mr. Potter. Try this one. Beechwood and dragon
the floor. Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat. Hermione
the food'll be good."
the forest.
the front door. He laid Hermione gently on the doorstep, took a letter out
the great castle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed nearer
the guard said there wasn't one. In the end the guard strode away,
the hall.
the hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffindor table. He was so
the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle taken by the Slytherins -- that's
the holidays? Bit keen, aren't yeh?"
the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.
the house cup. Everywhere Hermione went, people pointed and didn't trouble
the king, Hermione!"
the last Quidditch match.
the library. He, Ron, and Harry had already agreed they'd better not
the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall
the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very
the matter with this boy.
the midst of the cloud of keys. They grabbed and snatched, but the
the mirror.
the mood. In fact, it was fast asleep.
the moonlight.
the most miserable little shack you could imagine. One thing was
the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here -- listen
the note of panic in his voice.
the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six
the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of."
the other two squinted up at the flock of keys. "... yes -- look!
the other two. For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at
the page.
the paint flashed different colors.
the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop. He was looking at Hermione with
the path became almost impossible to follow because the trees were so
the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and
the plant wound around them.
the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, "I
the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.
the postcard.
the red Quaffle. Hermione noticed that they seemed to be straining to
the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free
the rock crumbling into the sea?
the roof of the school kitchens. Dudley's gang had been chasing him as
the room."
the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward.
the same, those people in cloaks...
the same. And of course, you will never get such good results with
the scar on Hermione's forehead.
the scraping of heavy trunks.
the sea gleamed in the sunlight. The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was
the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes. She, too, was
the sink. He went to have a look. The tub was full of what looked like
the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were
the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.
the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest,
the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. He rolled onto his
the spectators were high enough to see what was going on. At either end
the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.
the story started to spread: Hermione Potter, the famous Hermione Potter,
the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes,
the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.
the team a bit of bad news. He'd just gotten very angry with the
the thing -- he tried to kill you, too. Wanted ter make a clean job of
the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.
the top row. As a surprise for Hermione, they had painted a large banner on
the touch, like water woven into material.
the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor
the upper floors.
the very last one from the box Harry had given him for Christmas. He
the wall. "Really, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a
the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung
the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air
the warmth wash over him as though he'd sunk into a hot bath.
the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung
the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.
the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and
the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.
the world to do...."
the wrong hands... well, if I'd known what that wand was going out into
their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of
their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as
their brooms.
their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Hermione Potter -- the boy
their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didn't
their guilty faces caught Snape's eye. He limped over. He hadn't seen
their hands, now that Norbert was off them. No more dragon -- Malfoy in
their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to
their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lo st them all those points,
their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at
their secret weapon, Hermione should be kept, well, secret. But the news
their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through
their way through the trees in silence for so long that Hermione thought
their written papers. They had been given special, new quills for the
their younger sister began to cry.
them all forward.
them and their kind.... He couldn't see how he and Petunia could get
them glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open. Nearly
them in the doorway. It wasn't ordinary fire either; it was purple. At
them jump.
them next to the baker's. He eyed them angrily as he passed. He didn't
them nice and empty before next year starts....
them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped
them toppled right into a suit of armor.
them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.
them, either. Harry had stopped drawing attention to herself in
them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping
them, you know, to collect -- famous witches and wizards. I've got about
them.
them.
them.
them.
them. Hermione kept looking around. Everything looked so strange, somehow.
them."
them... it'll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win."
them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had
themselves -- they were a hundred points up. "Third -- to Mr. Hermione
themselves tightly around Hermione.
themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the
themselves. There was a lot more to magic, as Hermione quickly found out,
then he told them what he'd seen and heard.
then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course. But how is the boy
then start to fall. He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down
then walked away without a word. The weirdest thing about all these
then yeh gotta find yer way -- Gringotts is hundreds of miles under
then, at last -- "Potter, Hermione!"
then, of course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of
then."
then... I can' remember too well, 'cause he kept buyin' me drinks....
there -- and so was Malfoy. Hermione had also forgotten that Malfoy had
there -- or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't
there are dragons at Gringotts?"
there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of
there must be a stream somewhere close by. There were still spots of
there's Potter, who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've
there's a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant
there, lost for words. Dumbledore hummed a little and smiled at the
there, with lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, all sorts
there. It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Hermione felt
there. Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the
these days, I'll get him --"
these exams to get into the second year? They're very important, I
they all swooped down at once... well, there's no other choice... I'll
they came to a sudden halt.
they can afford."
they can't be far, we'll catch them."
they can't deliver them they'll just give up."
they caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had y caught
they complained how much Hermione cost them to keep? And all the time there
they didn't fail. He had a plan.
they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban. The
they for?" He pointed at the three balls left inside the box.
they glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing
they got near him, the broom would jump higher still. They dropped lower
they learn quick enough."
they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.
they normally pretended she didn't have a sister.
they passed, saying, "Dragon liver, seventeen Sickles an ounce, they're
they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge
they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.
they sped off toward land.
they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy
they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an
they were proud of having a witch in the family!"
they were sure it wouldn't be allowed. Unfortunately, something about
they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed. Hagrid
they were too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin' ter do with the
they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once
they'd been bewitched. My dad doesn't believe it. He says Malfoy's
they'd done?
they'd just chained up.
they'd stolen his prefect badge.
they're here to be punished, after all."
they're powerful magic creatures. I never knew one ter be hurt before."
they're really funny. Everyone expects me to do as well as the others,
they're watching the house?"
they?" said Hermione miserably.
thick black trees. A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into
thick. Hermione thought the blood seemed to be getting thicker. There were
thickset and looked extremely mean. Standing on either side of the pale
thin package and didn't answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what he'd
thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which
thing -- ").
thing Harry ever lost at, something Hermione and Ron thought was very
thing he didn't know, an' I told him! Yeh could've died! All fer a
thing in the world after that. Not until they'd stepped out into the
thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had
thing that'll lose us the match! Snape's refereeing this time, and he'll
things -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Hermione -- be careful!"
things gray for you. It'll look just like everyone else's when I've
things happened. He was takin' over. 'Course, some stood up to him --
things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous
think I still got a couple o' dormice in one o' the pockets."
think she wasn't a teacher to cross. Strict and clever, she gave them a
think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs.
think they'll believe, him or us? It's not exactly a secret we hate him,
think this was the moment for lemon drops. "As I say, even if
think..."
thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he'd opened the
thinking... you're really getting a bit big for it... we think it might
thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid -- we know we're
third floor. Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that
third floor."
thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little
this boy! -- knows nothin' abou' -- about ANYTHING?"
this evening, then you'll be joining team practice three times a week."
this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped
this or they'd have had it from him faster than blinking. How often had
this summer. Anyway, maybe it only shows dead people. Shame about not
this thing goes. Give the flute to Harry so she can keep him asleep."
this time. He grunted and offered him another rock cake. Hermione read the
this was a very fishy thing to want to do. "Why?"
this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the
this?"
those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they're
though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the
though he had Hermione's knobbly knees -- Hermione was looking at his family,
though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out
though he was petrified.
though he'd rather not think about it. "N-not that you n-need it, eh,
though his scar were on fire. Half blinded, he staggered backward. He
though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his
though the teddy was having his head torn off.
though. Wish I'd had three wizard brothers."
thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out of the
thought Voldemort could hear them.
thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were
thought he might be hiding Hermione underneath it.
thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon
thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much
thought there must be thick trees there. Nobody spoke much. Neville, the
thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd
thought this was very funny.
thought two of his ribs might already have cracked from trying not to
thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. Potter, I thought Gryffindor
thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does. So if I look in the
thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the
thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.
thrashing around in pain close by. Hermione could see a clearing ahead,
threatening to tell her what really bit me -- I've told her it was a
threatening you...."
three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Hermione could hardly
three of them, "Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of
three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite
three-headed dog. So what do we do, Hermione?"
three-quarters. The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Hermione
three-quarters."
threw a metal pipe at it. The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe
threw it as hard as he could against the wall.
throat and made a choking noise.
through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled
through all their extra work.
through her long, pointed nose.
through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him -and in a rush of
through it -- Neville needed a leg up -- and found themselves in the
through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was
through the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by, and there could
through the door. "Who's writing to me?"
through the grounds to the edge of the forest. Hagrid greeted them,
through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash
through the opposite wall.
through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.
through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large
throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid whooped and
throwing me out after that."
ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an' Dumbledore
tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect
tight as he could. Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Hermione off -- the
tight like this and if it turns red -- oh..." His face fell, because the
tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfay like a javelin. Malfoy
time he gets back...."
time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon's lap.
time in your house common room.
time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they
time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.
time, like, but I don' believe it. People who was on his side came back
time," he added quickly, "you know, with five of us."
times."
timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn't seem to hear her. Exactly
tired and rather ill, but happy.
to "MacDougal, Morag."
to -- everyone knows he's after Quirrell's job. Knows an awful lot about
to Hannah.
to Hermione during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they
to Hermione, made Dudley go and get it. They heard him banging things with
to London tomorrow anyway, or I wouldn't bother."
to an unexpected test. Walking back from the library on his own one
to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?"
to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name.
to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose -- that hut
to climb through the portrait hole was anyone's guess, because his legs
to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.
to disturb it all day long. It was worse than having a cupboard as a
to do. It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late
to do? He hadn't expected something like this the moment they arrived.
to fall right through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of ache
to fight Malfay, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble
to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.
to get rid of Norbert. We'll have to risk it. And we have got the
to grab his shoulders to stay on.
to him in the stands. "Why would Snape do somethin' like that?"
to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.
to him.
to his broom.
to his horror, it was Snape who replied, "The Restricted Section? Well,
to keep his voice calm.
to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor
to lower their voices as they insulted him. Slytherins, on the other
to meddle in things that weren't his business from now on. He'd had it
to move around a lot. The people in the portraits kept going to visit
to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts.
to one side. He looked as if he'd been knocked out.
to protect you.... Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have
to pull himself together, he let himself into the house. He was still
to relax with Harry next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragon's
to school with that ridiculous haircut, he'd managed to make it grow
to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn't be
to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door. He tried to lift it
to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk. At the start of their
to steal whatever it's guarding."
to stop him from killing me. But why would he want to kill me in the
to stop you, and you can back me up."
to taunting Hermione about having no proper family.
to the Dark Side! I'm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing
to the school separately."
to the station. Hermione couldn't blame them. Not only was Hagrid twice as
to the wall, counting down to September the first.
to think about as tea with Hagrid. Had Hagrid collected that package
to think much about Flamel. They had the dormitory to themselves and the
to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle
to this: 'Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark
to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house.
to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.
to watch.
to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.
to, with such a biased referee?
to. Bill and Charlie have already left -- Bill was head boy and Charlie
to."
to?
toad. You two had better change, you know, I expect we'll be there
toadless boy, or Harry Granger this time.
toads went outta fashion years ago, yeh'd be laughed at - an' I don'
together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way --
told Hagrid all about Charlie's work with dragons, Hermione picked up a
told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than
told me she liked my new earmuffs."
told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Harry screamed out loud.
tonight."
tonight."
too many close shaves already. Filch, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are
too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania to visit
too. No one was talking much except Harry Granger, who was whispering
too? Was he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirror's
took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the
took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At last, Hagrid
took one look at him, and burst into tears.
took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly
took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.
top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting.
tore his eyes away from his mother's face, whispered, "I'll come back,"
tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion
touch, which turned out to be pepper.
touched.
toward him.
toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Hermione shivered in
towering Gryffindor lion took its place. Snape was shaking Professor
towering oak. He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into his crossbow,
tracks.
trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
train. They leaned out of the window for her to kiss them good-bye, and
transfixed. The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head
traveled around the world. A foolish young man I was then, full of
trembling. "What happened?" Harry asked him, leading him over to sit
trick staircase if you met him when you were late for class. He would
trick was that it reflected them, invisible or not?
tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until
tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left,
tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignored him. He was still talking to
triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking will lose
troll's neck from behind. The troll couldn't feel Hermione hanging there,
troll, quite apart from anything else.
trouble, send up red sparks, an' we'll all come an' find yeh -- so, be
trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him. Hermione thought
trust him at all. He wasn't a very good player yet and they kept
trusting him.
try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and
trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me -- he
trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to
trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did make himself unpopular...
tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously
turban straight into Hermione's eyes -- and a sharp, hot pain shot across
turban.
turn it. He couldn't direct it at all. It was zigzagging through the
turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for
turned and left.
turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn't do anything.
turned it off quickly and dressed silently. He mustn't wake the
turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose
turned up in Godric's Hollow. He went to find the Potters. The rumor is
turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.
twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet
twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two;
twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Hermione hadn't broken
twice its usual size. He didn't know whether it was safe to go to Madam
twins.
twins.
twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor,
twisted smile.
two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the --
two about Snape's sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.
two compartments to themselves --"
two, because Quidditch practice had started again.
two.
umbrella from inside his coat. Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a
umbrella very tightly as he spoke.
umbrella?"
unable to keep the fear out of his voice.
uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so
uncle about getting to King's Cross station the next day, so he went
uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask
uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he's older. I've
under all the hair.
under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he'd be
under his breath.
under his left ear, and on Ron's smudged nose. Hermione nervously tried to
under this big one from Mommy and Daddy."
underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Neville cared about was never
underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.
underneath. Then Harry had performed a tricky little charm so that
understand them, like a slug.
understand who --"
understand why it was killed? Or have the planets not let you in on that
understand, it is love. He didn't realize that love as powerful as your
unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.
unicorn's dead, Hagrid, it's in that clearing back there."
uniform of scarlet and gold, was -
uniform, leaving Hermione at Mrs. Figg's. Mrs. Figg wasn 't as bad as
unpleasant.
unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice. "It all gets so
until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.
unusual?"
unwrap his turban. What was going on? The turban fell away. Quirrell's
unwrapped.
up a tree?"
up at Hogwarts, with its windows glowing red in the setting sun.
up at the school?"
up her scroll and took the Sorting Hat away.
up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous
up in the astronomy tower. It's one o'clock in the morning. Explain
up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club. They didn't have
up knowin' yer name if his parents are wizardin' folk. You saw what
up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him. Binns droned on
up out of the darkness - this was his big chance to beat Malfoy
up the steps but could hardly raise one end and twice he dropped it
up to.
up you get.".
up. Snape's only got to say he doesn't know how the troll got in at
up? You told me they died in a car crash!"
upon them:
upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room. He
upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled
us -- if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own --"
us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with Snape, and the
used on Snape at the plant. In a matter of seconds, the two boys felt it
usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere,
usual when, as much to Hermione's surprise as anyone else's, there he was
usual. "Swish and flick, remember, swish and flick. And saying the magic
usual. It turned out she'd broken her leg tripping over one of her cats,
usually gives us a reason why we're not allowed to go somewhere -- the
vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a
vast marble hall. About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high
vault seven hundred and thirteen."
vault."
very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Harry in a
very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.
very fast about all the spells she'd learned and wondering which one
very first morning. Filch found them trying to force their way through a
very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Hermione
very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he'd stretch his legs
very good omen. In their nervous state, every statue's shadow looked
very happy birthday to yeh. Got summat fer yeh here -- I mighta sat on
very interesting read.
very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.
very tasty.
vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.
video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and
view of things. She was torn between horror at the idea of Hermione being
violet cloak. He didn't seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the
visit me next week. Trouble is, they mustn't be seen carrying an illegal
voice cackled with laughter.
voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the
voice. "Were you going to shoot me?"
wafting through the corridors. Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
wait a moment -- was that the Snitch?"
walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who
walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the forest, until
walked.
walking all over people, but that's no reason to lie down in front of
walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he
walking with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given
wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed
wall and fell silent.
wall to stop his knees from trembling.
walls. "Little tyke," chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house. He got
wand back into his trunk. "Stupid spell -- George gave it to me, bet he
wand cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) set
wand. It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the
wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he
wandering around at night, and somebody's been in the library Restricted
wandering around. So what if they can't see you? What if they walk into
wands, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand."
want --"
want a bet? What about you, Weasley?"
want him in there... I need that room... make him get out...."
want it? You can start collecting."
want to see my parents."
want to stay somewhere with a television. "
wanted now was a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to their great
wanted to use it alone.
wanted you dead."
wants to keep it a secret."
was a blazing fire in the grate. Hagrid made them tea and offered them
was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a
was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.
was a lot bigger than Hermione's.
was a nasty bit o' trouble with a hag -- never been the same since.
was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye). Ron,
was about two inches long, they didn't have much chance of guessing what
was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more
was almost hidden beneath all Dudley's birthday presents. It looked as
was also very hard to remember where anything was, because it all seemed
was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn't want
was at all. There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he
was captain of Quidditch. Now Percy's a prefect. Fred and George mess
was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his
was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech
was complete silence. Then the hat twitched. A rip near the brim opened
was doing but when he drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire
was flying."
was guarding the Stone."
was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had
was his only hope. He squeezed through it, holding his breath, trying
was in tears.
was joking."
was keep close behind him. They passed book shops and music stores,
was locked out of Gryffindor tower.
was looking at the black inside of the hat. He waited.
was lucky that Aunt Petunia didn't come in to vacuum anymore, because
was me," said Harry. "Do either of you know what house you'll be in?
was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from it.
was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say
was racing and his spirits were low. He'd lost two points for Gryffindor
was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He had had it as long as he could
was snoring loudly, but Hermione couldn't sleep. He tried to empty his mind
was some stupid new fashion. He drummed his fingers on the steering
was something you couldn't learn by heart out of a book -- not that she
was standing over him, not Ronan or Bane; this one looked younger; he
was still shaking.
was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly
was sure he'd walked into a nightmare -- this was too much, on top of
was swelling inside him. He went straight to the window and jerked it
was that this was not someone to cross.
was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the
was to ward off a vampire he'd met in Romania and was afraid would be
was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits
was tremblin' ter meet yeh -- mind you, he's usually tremblin'."
was trembling. Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up stories chased each
was trying to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to
was twitching.
was. He was rattled. He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping
wasn't listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.
wasn't surprising they'd found nothing. What they really needed was a
wasn't true, because Neville was looking stunned and hurt. Poor,
wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Hermione
watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because
watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go
watch.
watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley,
watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight.
watched his birthday tick nearer, wondering if the Dursleys would
watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as
watched. He was very glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them.
watching -- he stretched out his hand -- a foot from the ground he
watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed
watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing
watching.
watching. They weren't. He looked back at the snake and winked, too.
water trickling down the walls. The passageway sloped downward, and
wave of his wand. "I suppose you added the porcupine quills before
wave."
way along the rows of books. The lamp looked as if it was floating along
we need is here on this paper. Seven bottles: three are poison; two are
we saw him -- he's after whatever it's guarding! And Id bet my
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
we're not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That'll take a lot
weak to seek it.... Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I
wearing a cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn into a tight
weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large
week. I tell you, that dragon's the most horrible animal I've ever met,
week. Smoke kept furling out of its nostrils. Hagrid hadn't been doing
weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it
weeks, after A, but as they only had odd moments between lessons it
weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Hermione
well, have a good term -- send me an owl when you get there."
went back to staring out of the window.
went in for breakfast. It seemed to be coming from a large metal tub in
went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me
went on. "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him,
went pink again and he muttered that he'd brought sandwiches. Hermione went
went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.
went.
were able to pull free.
were about to do.
were all really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. And you
were both long enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing long robes,
were bound to notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent -- I'll bet
were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.
were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a
were going. Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and
were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured
were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper
were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn't fall
were swaying darkly in the distance.
were the only things in the room that looked as though they'd never been
were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat
weren't a drawback at all. Ron knew them so well he never had trouble
weren't going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time.
what has been foretold! It is not our business to run around like
what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap
what he was looking for, none of them knew. He drove them into the
what is to come in the movements of the planets?"
what it was standing on.
what it was, no one does -- but somethin' about you stumped him, all
what she had fer a sister!"
what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is
what was facing them. Underneath the cloak, Hermione turned to the other
what was good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like the
what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don' want no one takin' risks. Follow
what you're doing."
what's he after? What's that dog guarding?"
whatever "everyone" was saying, she was not going to believe it until
whatever he told Ron and Harry. The rest of the team wasn't too calm,
whatever we want..."
wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite
when I had Lord Voldemort on my side...."
when he asked how to get onto the platform."
when he left the building at five o'clock, he was still so worried that
when he said that.
when he told us."
when he was here."
when he was trying to take over? There won't be any Hogwarts to get
when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece of
when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let
when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Neville the
when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.
when you were afraid, thought Hermione; there was a quaver in Neville's
when you're on the train home tomorrow, you're so --"
where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things
where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.
where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an
where the moonlight caught them. Cups, shields, plates, and statues
where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as
where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other. Harry
where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.
where're yeh goin'?"
whether Ron or Harry was angrier about this. She hadn't spoken to
whether Snape was following him, trying to catch him on his own. Potions
whether he dared tell her he'd heard the name "Potter." He decided he
whether to laugh or not.
which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in
which gave Hermione time to dry his eyes on the sheet. When he had found
which surely meant that the Stone was still safe. Whenever Hermione passed
which was still staring at him from the other end of the street. For
which was the open trapdoor, "it's a soft landing, you can jump!"
which was worse -- people telling him he'd be brilliant or people
while Hermione and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a
while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs. Owls
while everyone else was at dinner -- what was going on?
while he apologized over and over again. Piers and Dudley could only
while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Hermione
while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
whirled around. His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the
whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better
whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was
white chessmen had no faces.
white pieces. Hermione, Ron and Harry shivered slightly -- the towering
who had a boat to himself. "Right then -- FORWARD!"
who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing
who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?"
who lived!"
who said 's' instead of 'f' and found himself on the floor with a
who says the centaurs are right? It sounds like fortune-telling to me,
who sent it to me?"
who visited the house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and
who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his
who's an accountant, but we never talk about him."
whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on
why they had both brought their wands to the match. Little did Hermione
wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below
wide like a mouth -- and the hat began to sing:
wide open. Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a
widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown.
wilder-looking than Ronan.
wildly.
will be enough -- I'm Harry Granger, by the way, who are you.
will be in even more trouble."
will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to
will give us some protection forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell,
will learn at Hogwarts," she said. "Anyone messing around in my class
will leave and not come back. You have been warned."
will make the drinker immortal.
will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o'clock for your
will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with
window and peered down into the front garden. The cat was still there.
window in the downstairs bathroom.
wine; one will get us safely through the black fire, and one will get us
wings.
winked silver and gold in the darkness. They edged along the walls,
winning the house cup for the seventh year in a row. A huge banner
winning. Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! The Bloody
wished Ron would put his wand down.
wished he could forget what he'd seen in the mirror as easily, but he
witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of
witches an' wizards up an' down the country."
with Dudley. Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private
with Dumbledore watching. All the other teachers thought Snape was
with Hermione and Ron.
with Neville. When it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR," Neville ran off
with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic -- no kid could do that to
with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.
with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!"
with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one
with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do. She
with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our
with bulging, lamp like eyes just like Filch's. She patrolled the
with cheers; Hermione could see Ron's twin brothers catcalling.
with cold, Hermione spotted the suit of armor.
with flaming torches like the ones at Gringotts, the ceiling was too
with flat, horny feet. The smell coming from it was incredible. It was
with his brothers and the broomstick he'd like to get if he had the
with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.
with his voice. Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without even
with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).
with humans alongside me if I must."
with look like?"
with magic in 'em in a long line 0' Muggles -- look at yer mum! Look
with misty eyes. "He really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert!
with one hand and glancing at it. His face went from red to green faster
with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Hermione had caught Ron
with only one hand.
with rage.
with raised eyebrows. Harry Granger was on the edge of her seat and
with real wizards. The most you and Malfoy'll be able to do is send
with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.
with shops.
with silver blood. He was right next to Malfoy who, Hermione was pleased to
with sneaking around and spying. He felt so ashamed of himself that he
with some secret magic.
with the rest of the teachers?"
with the topmost branches of an oak he called, "Come and get it,
with the wrong sort. I can help you there."
with them.
with work, though. He watched an owl flutter toward the school across
with your father, didn't you know? They loathed each other. But he never
without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped
without everyone watching. The hat seemed to be asking rather alot;
without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.
without their noticing anything. They walked straight past, and Hermione
wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of
wizard or about my parents or Voldemort"
wizard's duel?" said Hermione. "And what do you mean, you're my second?"
wizard, of course."
wizard."
wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying Hagrid's bag.
wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of
woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out.
won the house cup for Gryffindor."
won't know himself. He'll be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a
won't pay for me to go and learn magic."
won. The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With
wonder Snape's after it! Anyone would want it."
wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket
wondered what their punishment was going to be. It must be something
wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would they be allowed
wondering if you could tell us what's guarding the Sorcerer's Stone
wondering....
wooden flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Hermione blew it --
word... "
words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.
words in languages Hermione couldn't understand. Some had no title at all.
words properly is very important, too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio,
words.
wore a very kind smile.
wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of
work much easier.
work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore
work on you, an' that's why yer famous, Hermione. No one ever lived after
work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming
work."
working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt
working. He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms
world -- everyone follows Quidditch -- played up in the air on
world --" And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the
world. My world. Yer parents' world."
world. Some of them called:
worry."
worse than ever. Hermione strained to catch what they were saying.
would choose above all -- the trouble is, humans do have a knack of
would come back and lead him to his doom.
would commit such a crime. The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive,
would never know.
would the Dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep?
would yeh be? An' I reckon it's abou' time yeh read yer letter."
would? He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't belong to the
wouldn' say no teh a bit o' yer birthday cake, neither."
wouldn't be so bad. His relief must have showed in his -face, because
wouldn't be too bad.... Anyway, we'd better go and look for Neville's
wouldn't budge, not even when Harry tried her Alohomora charm.
wouldn't have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself -- no
wouldn't have lost so badly if Percy hadn't tried to help him so much.
wouldn't hear of it.
wouldn't try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe."
wouldn't you.
wounded dog.
wrist, told Hermione he'd be eleven in ten minutes' time. He lay and
written them a letter."
wrong for years.
wrongly before now, even by centaurs. I hope this is one of those
wrote. When they had left the shop, he said, "Hagrid, what's Quidditch?"
yeah, Professor Snape."
yeah?" said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried.
year on Dudley's birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the
year, Hermione was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two
years follow me!"
years. Quite apart from wanting to win, Hermione found that he had fewer
yeh -- took care of yer mum an' dad an' yer house, even -- but it didn't
yeh don't know his name, everyone in our world knows --"
yeh know too much already, so I wouldn' tell yeh if I could. That
yeh mind not mentionin' it at Hogwarts?"
yeh ter this lot..."
yeh've been trained up a bit. With a mum an' dad like yours, what else
yeh, Ronan, 'cause there's a unicorn bin hurt -- you seen anythin'?"
yeh, how much yeh didn't know. Ah, Hermione, I don' know if I'm the right
yelled Uncle Vernon.
yellow eyes like a hawk.
yes -- and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that's interesting....
yes, that would be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr.
yes, they will die."
yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around
yesterday ter fix it. 'Course, he shoulda sacked me instead -- anyway,
yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.
yet, do they?"
yet.
you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George reckons he had a booger-
you can say 'Quidditch.' Come on, dear."
you can while you are waiting."
you follow my orders! Stay close behind me, now. Make way, first years
you get that motorcycle?"
you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?"
you have come round, they have been extremely worried."
you hear that? He remembers me!" Hermione shook hands again and again --
you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death -- if you aren't
you just see?"
you know everything that goes on round here," said Harry in a warm,
you know what's good for you," said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this
you learn?"), but by asking her to read it through, they got the right
you might like it." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "Useful things... your
you mind leaving while we change?"
you out with a few of these."
you reckon's next?"
you that scar."
you two say is going to stop me! Voldemort killed my parents, remember?"
you was all living, on Halloween ten years ago. You was just a year old.
you'd better dodge it, because I can't remember how to block them."
you'll crash into it, that's very important. Best do it at a bit of a
you'll get us all into trouble."
you're very nervous. What if he wasn't chosen at all? What if he just
you've had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties
you've kept it from him all these years?"
you, an' we've gotta get this done."
you, we did save her."
you? He was never going to meet you -- Filch knew someone was going to
you? What if you knock something over?"
you?"
you?"
you?"
your dormitory?"
your little friends with you," said Hermione coolly. There was of course
your nose, and screech, "GOT YOUR CONK!"
yours?"
yourself our mother? CarA you tell I'm George?"
yourselves."
zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and uncle hadn't been able
